[2021-07-09] Russia Drafting Law on Confiscation of Crypto Assets

If there are Russian users reading this, it might be good to begin learning about Monero and other
anonymous coins. You cannot risk your wallets being tainted with dirty coins if it is not tainted
already. Also, I know there might be some of you would who will use the argument that there was
data from Chainalysis that showed only 1% of bitcoin transactions were criminal. However, you
cannot trust the Russian government not to frame you or taint your wallet themselves. This is okay if
your wallet holds only a small amount. What if you are a holder of $1 million in bitcoin? You might
not be 100% safe.Russian Prosecutor General Igor Krasnov has revealed that legislative
amendments are being prepared on the confiscation of crypto assets. “A serious challenge is the
criminal use of cryptocurrencies in our country,” he said.Russia is preparing amendments to the
current legislation to allow for the confiscation of crypto assets found to be proceeds from crime,
Tass reported Wednesday.Krasnov said that virtual assets have become a source of income for
criminals, emphasizing that cryptocurrencies are being used for corruption, including bribery. “The
latency of these criminal acts has recently been aggravated by the use of crypto assets as bribes,”
he asserted, adding that cryptocurrency exchanges have been used as “a way of laundering stolen
funds.”Read in full https://news.bitcoin.com/russia-drafting-law-confiscation-crypto-assets/

[2021-07-15] Rumors Fly That Apple Has Bought $2.5 Billion In Bitcoin

Everyone should prepare to be disappointed. This rumor started with a tweet of @AltcoinGordon as
a joke. However, after hundreds of likes, retweets and youtube videos, I reckon the desperation for
hype caused the CEOs and fund managers mentioned in this article to hope the rumor was real.
They might also be shilling similar to many of us here in bitcointalk altcoin speculation hehehehe.
Crypto Twitter has exploded with talk that Apple will soon announce a Bitcoin purchase in the
billions of dollars. For example, Galaxy Trading is one of many pushing this rumor. They say the
figure is more than $2 billion.Whereas the CEO of ChainLeak, Joshuwa Roomsburg, puts the
rumored purchase amount at $2.5 billion. Roomsburg added, if the rumor is true, he will buy an
iPhone to commemorate the occasion.Read in full
https://bitcoinist.com/rumors-fly-that-apple-has-bought-2-5-billion-in-bitcoin/This is where the joke by
@AltcoinGordon originated.https://mobile.twitter.com/AltcoinGordon/status/1413587993881894913

[2016-03-12] Use Bitcoin To Donate To Any US Charities Through
Catapultian

Would you use a service like Catapultian to donate to charities with Bitcoin?Using Bitcoin and other
digital currencies for social good is a great way to bring some positive attention to the world of
cryptocurrencies. That is easier said than done, though, as not all charities accept Bitcoin payments
just yet. But that situation is coming to a change thanks to Catapultian, as they let anyone donate
Bitcoin to any charity in the United States. Quite an interesting development to say the
least.http://themerkle.com/use-bitcoin-to-donate-to-any-us-charities-through-catapultian/

[2017-07-20]The Bitcoin Mining Pools Initiates Segwit Lock-in Period

The Bitcoin Network Begins Segwit Lock-in PeriodAt approximately 00:06:48 UTC today, July 20, at
block height #476768 the bitcoin network finished the BIP91 lock in period and entered a new phase
in order to activate the protocol Segregated Witness (Segwit). Now during the lock-in period, there
will be another 336 blocks, until Segwit will be activated on Bitcoin’s main
network.https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-mining-pools-initiate-segwit-lock-in-period/

[2018-07-09] Stiglitz, Roubini and Rogoff lead joint attack on bitcoin

The problem is not when people in power start requiring very strict regulations on bitcoins, but the
enforcement of those regulations. They plainly do not have the manpower and the technical
capability to do it.Also, the people in power should first stop the money laundering ring that involves
some of the biggest banks in the world before attacking bitcoin. Or maybe the big banks' monopoly
on money laundering is threatened by bitcoin? heheheThree of the world’s most respected
economists have led a joint attack on bitcoin, claiming the digital currency will be “regulated into
oblivion” as governments globally move to clamp down on money laundering.  Joseph Stiglitz,
Nouriel Roubini and Kenneth Rogoff have renewed their assault on the cryptocurrency believing it
will be subject to further sharp and damaging falls as authorities crack down on criminals using
bitcoin to launder money and avoid taxes.Stiglitz, the Nobel Prize-winning economist, told Financial
News: “You cannot have a means of payment that is based on secrecy when you’re trying to create
a transparent banking system.""If you open up a hole like bitcoin then all the nefarious activity will go
through that hole, and no government can allow that.”The price of the digital currency has fallen
sharply from a high of almost $20,000 in December last year to below $6,000 at the end of June.
Rogoff, the former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund, said government regulation
would trigger further steep falls.“Bitcoin could easily be worth just $100 in 10 years,” said the
Harvard University professor. “People in power will move to regulate anonymous transactions. That
you can be sure of.”Read in full
https://www.fnlondon.com/articles/stiglitz-roubini-and-rogoff-lead-joint-attack-on-bitcoin-20180709

[2016-03-11] BitFury Invests in Pan-African Bitcoin Trading Platform
BitPesa

BitFury Invests in Pan-African Bitcoin Trading Platform BitPesaBitcoin blockchain mining
infrastructure provider BitFury has announced it has made a strategic investment in the universal
African Bitcoin exchange BitPesa .
http://www.nasdaq.com/article/bitfury-invests-in-pan-african-bitcoin-trading-platform-bitpesa-cm5918
98

[2018-02-25] CoinDesk Video Game Giant Ubisoft Is Exploring Blockchain
Use Cases

French video game publisher Ubisoft is exploring potential applications of blockchain in its Strategic
Innovation Lab, which studies emerging technologies and their use cases.Lidwine Sauer, the Lab's
director of trends and insights, told the gaming news site IGN that Ubisoft is particularly interested in
the blockchain's ability to offer unique ownership over digital items.The technology presents the
opportunity to "finally have real digital collectables that cannot be replicated by anyone and can be
100 percent owned by you," she said.As a result, Sauer explained, the blockchain also provides
more protection over creative property:"Thanks to the blockchain, we can now have the equivalent
of a digital Picasso, with the advantage that it's a lot more difficult to steal something on the
blockchain than to steal a Picasso."One use case Ubisoft is particularly keen on is related to
one-of-a-kind downloadable content (DLC), which is distributed by a game's publisher and typically
includes add-ons such as aesthetic changes and new gameplay features.However, Sauer said the
Lab has ambitions for blockchain applications beyond DLC."We want to go further than that," she
said. "We feel there's something even more interesting to find [through the blockchain], and we're in
the process of trying to find that interesting thing."Ubisoft is not the first gaming developer to explore
applications of blockchain technology.CryptoKitties, a game where users can buy, collect, "breed"
and sell unique digital cats also puts to use blockchain's ability to facilitate unique digital

content.Likewise, the short-lived Crypto All Stars took a similar approach, allowing users to trade
digital cards depicting major figures in technology like litecoin creator Charlie Lee and AngelList
co-founder Naval Ravikant.Source : COINDESKLink of source
https://www.coindesk.com/video-game-giant-ubisoft-exploring-blockchain-use-cases/

[2018-07-09]Filings Link Crypto Exchange Bitstamp to Game Maker Nexon

Public filings released in late May establish the strongest link yet between Bitstamp and Korean
gaming firm Nexon, which was rumored to have bought the cryptocurrency exchange earlier this
year.Those rumors date back to the spring when sources indicated that Nexon would pay as much
as $500 million for Bitstamp, one of the industry's longest-running bitcoin exchanges. Word of the
acquisition also came months after Nexon bought a majority stake in crypto exchange Korbit for
roughly $80 million in September 2017.Business Insider later reported in April that Nexon was in
talks to acquire Bitstamp for $350 million. Lee Jungheon, CEO of Nexon Korea, said in the wake of
that report that "Nexon Korea does not have anything to do with a Bitstamp acquisition" according to
the Korea Herald.But a corporate disclosure submitted by Nexon Group holding company NXC and
obtained by CoinDesk suggests that some kind of deal took place. NXC, Nexon Group's parent
company, is 98.28 percent owned by Nexon founder Kim Jung-ju and his family.According to the
report, NXC owns 100 percent of a Belgian company called NXMH B.V.B.A., an investment and
consulting firm. NXHM B.V.B.A., with 99 percent ownership, created Bitstamp Holdings N.V., also a
Belgian company, on February 1 of this year.The report states that Bitstamp Holdings N.V. acquired
100 percent of Bitstamp Japan Co., Ltd on April 25.But while the documents establish a link to
Bitstamp, it's not clear whether they constitute an "acquisition" of Bitstamp given the lack of
information regarding Bitstamp Japan Co., Ltd. The exchange is run by Bitstamp Limited, which is
based in the United Kingdom and has offices in Luxembourg and New York.A Nexon representative
said that Bitstamp Holdings isn't the operator of the exchange, and when asked about the
relationship there, the rep said that they "cannot disclose any further information at this moment."
Bitstamp did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Game maker pushIf confirmed, the
deal would represent the latest industry buy for the gaming company, which has released a number
of titles for desktop and mobile platforms.The purchase of Bitstamp Japan Co., Ltd also followed a
record-setting year for Nexon. The company reported more than $2 billion in revenue for 2017, an
increase roughly 28 percent over the prior year's figures.Nexon isn't the only gaming company with
its eyes on the crypto space, however.Gumi, a mobile game maker based in Japan, launched a $30
million investment fund earlier this year focused on the tech. And major industry companies like
Ubisoft and Unity have also made similar moves in recent months.Nexon executives have remarked
on the technology as well in the past. Back in March, Owen Mahoney, CEO of the Nexon's U.S.
arm, cited blockchain during an interview with CNBC as a tool for improving the gamer
experience."People want to trust other people within new games, and blockchain technology can
help bring that reputation across different sort of games," he was quoted as saying.Reporting by
Shinjae Yoo and Pete Rizzo.See more:
https://www.coindesk.com/filings-link-crypto-exchange-bitstamp-to-game-maker-nexon/

[2018/07/07]Complete List of Bitcoin Friendly Countries in 2018

One of the great advantages of Bitcoin is its international nature. Wherever you are in the world, so
long as you have an internet connection, you can use Bitcoin to send and receive money. That said;
some parts of the world are much friendlier to Bitcoin users than others.Anyone seeking to set up a
Bitcoin business will naturally avoid those rare countries which actively discourage its use, either
through burdensome regulations, harsh taxation, hostile banks, or even outright bans.The good
news is that such hostile nations are rare. Most governments are still deciding on how to approach
Bitcoin and have yet to pass decisive legislation. The usual approach is to classify Bitcoin under

some pre-existing category so that standing laws can be it applied to it, usually for taxation
purposes.Certain nations are however making a concerted effort to embrace Bitcoin, as they realize
that Bitcoin could be of tremendous benefit to their economic future. By encouraging Bitcoin
adoption and attracting Bitcoin companies, these nations seek to place themselves at the forefront
of financial innovation.This article examines the best possible countries to establish a new
cryptocurrency business. We examine the tax rate on Bitcoin and the attitude of lawmakers and
banks towards it. As such facts are subject to changes, sources are dated.Countries are ordered
them from best to worst, based on how low their taxes are, then by the clarity of regulations, then by
friendliness of banks and finally how nice and business-friendly the country happens to be.Tax Tip:
If you’re interested in tax treaties between your nation and one of those covered below, this
Worldwide Tax Summaries page by PwC should prove enlightening.Banking Tip: To discover banks
around the world which have been rated by users as either friendly or hostile to crypto, check out
the Moon Banking site. Share your own experiences with banks to improve the site.List of
countries:1. Malta2. Bermuda3. Switzerland4. Gibraltar5. Slovenia6. Singapore7. Estonia8.
Georgia9. Belaurs10. Hong Kong11. Japan12. GermanyFrom Complete List - Bitcoin Friendly
Countries for Cryptocurrency Businesses in 2018https://99bitcoins.com/bitcoin-friendly-countries/

[2021-06-04] Bitcoin falls after Elon Musk tweets breakup meme

Bitcoin's price fell Friday morning after Elon Musk posted a tweet suggesting he's fallen out of love
with the world's top cryptocurrecy.The billionaire Tesla CEO tweeted a meme about a couple
breaking up over the male partner quoting Linkin Park lyrics, adding the hashtag #Bitcoin and a
broken heart emoji.Quote from: https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1400620080090730501Bitcoin
fell 6% to a price of $36,273.29 at around 10:25 a.m. ET Friday, according to data from Coin
Metrics. Other digital coins followed suit, with No. 2 cryptocurrency ether dipping more than 6% to
$2,615.88 and dogecoin — Musk's favored crypto — sinking almost 8% to around 36 cents.Read
more
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/06/04/bitcoin-falls-after-elon-musk-tweets-breakup-meme.htmlSometim
es am really not convinced that this guy has something to do with how market reacts based on his
tweets,could this all be a coincidence backed by an informed tweet??

[2018-07-07] Bitcoin Mining Giant Bitmain Worth $12 Billion After Latest
Funding

Bitmain, the Bitcoin mining behemoth, is now reportedly valued at $12 billion. This new valuation
comes after the company closed a $400 million Series B funding round. Bitmain, which controls a
major chunk of the Bitcoin mining hashrate, is also set to invest in the upcoming Opera browser
IPO.Full article on Bitcoinist

[2016-08-02] Children's Aid Organization UNICEF Seeks Blockchain Lead

The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) is seeking a software developer and consultant who
can help it lead its blockchain efforts.A terms of reference sheet published last week outlines in
detail how the international aid organization is seeking to leverage the technology in accordance
with its goals to improve child welfare around the world.Specifically, the prospective developer and
consultant would aid in "research, consulting and prototyping applications for humanitarian
purposes".UNICEF goes on to highlight existing projects focused on identity and remittances – two
areas the organization has said in the past represent key use cases.UNICEF representative Dana
Zucker told CoinDesk:"We want to grow our knowledge and thinking, so we want to bring someone
on who can help lead the charge on thinking, researching and creating use cases for how

blockchain will play a role in UNICEF's work."The role will likely form one aspect of the agency’s
overall strategy toward blockchain applications, which includes a commitment to funding startups
through its innovation
arm.http://www.coindesk.com/childrens-aid-organization-unicef-seeks-blockchain-lead/

[2016-12-18] Five Things Every Investor Should Know about Bitcoin

Amid global economic instability and financial crisis, investors are becoming increasingly aware of
Bitcoin and its advantages over traditional forms of assets and money. Although many investors
remain wary of Bitcoin’s fluctuating price, there are five major aspects of Bitcoin which every
investor must know about.Full and detailed article :
https://cointelegraph.com/news/five-things-every-investor-should-know-about-bitcoin

[2018-02-23] Dutch Investors are Hodling, Unfazed By Cryptocurrency
Price Dips

The Dutch don’t scare easily when it comes to cryptocurrency, according to a survey by nu.nl. The
865,000 people who hold virtual coins have not converted them, despite the sharp fall in
cryptocurrency prices since December.One reason is that Dutch investors invest for the long term
and in small amounts, according to Multiscope, a research company that recently surveyed Dutch
cryptocurrency holders.Dutch investors have invested around 200 euros in digital coins. More than
705 of the investors said they bought the coins for long-term returns.High Expectations For
CrytoWhile Dutch investors have high expectations for future returns, they have become more
pessimistic about this in February due to recent pricing activity.Investors were still counting on a
return of 11 times their deposits as recently as mid-January. In February, they modified their
expectations to six times their deposits.Three-quarters of the survey respondents indicated their
cryptocurrencies were still profitable as of Jan. 16. By Feb. 12, 51% indicated the value of their
cryptocurrency was still higher than the amount deposited.Six out of 10 respondents bought
cryptocurrency from their current account. Only 1% used borrowed funds.A Bitcoin-Friendly
CountryThe Netherlands has long worked hard at embracing bitcoin. In 2014, Arnhem, one of the
largest cities in the Netherlands, became the first place to have a supermarket that accepts
bitcoin.Not only that, but the Dutch have their very own digital currency, the Guldencoin, which was
launched in 2014. Named after the guilder Dutch currency that the euro replaced, it has gained a
significant level of acceptance among Dutch businesses.The guilder was the currency of the
Netherlands from the 17th century until 2002, when it was replaced by the euro. Between 1999 and
2002, the guilder was officially a “national subunit” of the euro.Guldencoin is not the only Dutch
cryptocurrency that references the traditional Dutch currency. There is also electronic Gulden.It’s
clear to see that while the Netherlands may be significantly smaller than other countries, that
certainly hasn’t stopped it from embracing bitcoin and
cryptocurrency.https://www.ccn.com/dutch-investors-unfazed-by-crypto-price-dips/

[2017-11-13] Darknet Markets Are Back – But With the Blockchain Bloated

I reckon the sudden increase of unconfirmed transactions will affect not only transactions in the
darknet but obviously also the transactions in the clearnet. It would be good to know how clearnet
transactions, going into services like gambling sites, are badly affected by long confirmation times
and also if bitcoin only gambling sites are now willing to accept altcoins.There are good alternatives
out there but Ethereum is not one of them like what the article mentioned.Users on r/darknetmarkets
complained of transactions sent to Dream, the largest DNM, that were unconfirmed after five hours.
The Dream forum is filled with similar tales of woe, including dozens of complaints filed in the last 24

hours. Customers of the darknet, who are often in a hurry to get their goods, think nothing of paying
high confirmation fees – even when those fees are approaching $10, as has been the case with
bitcoin recently. Even with higher fees selected, however, transactions have still been slow.Privacy
Coins ProsperIt wasn’t transaction issues that spurred many DNMs into accepting alternative digital
currencies, but rather privacy. Law enforcement are becoming increasingly adept at assigning
bitcoin addresses to real world identities, as a number of deep web vendors have discovered in the
past year. Nevertheless, when the bitcoin network is under strain, altcoins provide additional
benefits, facilitating quick and low-cost transactions.Dream has yet to accept alternatives to bitcoin,
but Point Marketplace (formerly Tochka) and Aero do, the former taking ethereum and the latter
accepting monero. Then there is Libertas, which is a monero-only marketplace. Monero has risen in
value over the past week, though how much of that can be attributed to darknet adoption is
debatable.Read the whole article
https://news.bitcoin.com/darknet-markets-back-blockchain-bloated-whos-buying/

[2016-01-08] Bitcoin Price Soars To New Highs; Global Markets Slump

In a time when global markets seem to be faltering, bitcoin – the controversial digital currency –
surprised everyone with its new found momentum on Thursday.Earlier this week, the trading halt in
China failed to spark any major reaction in bitcoin. In fact, BTC/USD traded in a narrow range prior
to Thursday.Read more at
http://www.econotimes.com/Bitcoin-Price-Soars-To-New-Highs-Global-Markets-Slump-140062#Xuz
wCfbPMTuHyW4B.99

[2017-07-11] European Commission Report: Organized Illicit Use of
Cryptocurrency

European Commission Report: Organized Illicit Use of Cryptocurrency “Quite Rare”DCEBrief -
https://dcebrief.com/european-commission-report-organized-illicit-use-of-cryptocurrency-quite-rare/

[2018-02-23]Coindesk - Bitcoin Is Back Over $10K, But Rally Looks Weak

Bitcoin is witnessing a minor corrective rally Friday, but the bulls may have a tough time regaining
control, the technical charts suggest.CoinDesk's Bitcoin Price Index (BPI) fell to $9,592.96 at 01:59
UTC - the lowest level for one week. As of writing, the BPI is seen a little higher at $10,090.It is
worth noting that the global average price calculated by CoinMarketCap is holding around $200
higher, largely due to the "Kimchi premium" - that is, BTC is changing hands above $11,000 on
Korean exchanges Upbit, Bithumb, and Coinone. Meanwhile, across western exchanges, the
world's largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization is trading closer to $10,000.The
cryptocurrency has depreciated by 1,86 percent in the last 24 hours, CoinMarketCap indicates.So, it
appears a relief rally has gathered pace, a move indicated by the bullish relative strength index
(RSI) divergence seen on the chart (prices as per Coinbase) below.1-hour chartBTC is stuck inside
a falling channel, creating lower lows and lower highs. However, the RSI continues to diverge in
favor of the bulls, so the corrective rally could be extended further towards $10,250 (falling channel
resistance).However, only a daily close (as per UTC) above $11,228 (38.2 percent Fibonacci
retracement of the sell-off from the record highs), would signal a revival of the rally from Feb. 6 lows
below $6,000.Moreover, the odds are stacked against the bulls as, with the backdrop of the bearish
"gravestone" doji reversal on the daily chart reported yesterday, BTC is more likely to extend the
decline towards $8,800 (1-hour head and shoulders breakdown target as per the measured height
method).Additionally, as seen in the chart above, the 50-hour moving average (MA), 100-hour MA
and 200-hour MA have topped out in favor of the bears. The chart also shows a bearish 50-hour MA

and 200-hour MA crossover, as well as a bearish 50-hour MA and 100-hour MA
crossover.View12-hour view: BTC could rise to $10,250 (falling channel resistance) and possibly to
$10,300 (head-and-shoulders neckline resistance), courtesy of the bullish RSI
divergence.Longer-term gains appear unlikely, though, and BTC looks set to test $8,800 over the
weekend.A daily close above the 10-day moving average (currently seen at $10,378) would signal
bearish invalidation.Only a daily close (as per UTC) above $11,228 (38.2 percent Fibonacci
retracement of the sell-off from the record highs) would signal a bullish reversal.Disclosure:
CoinDesk is a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, which has an ownership stake in
Coinbase.Bitcoin image via
shutterstockhttps://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-is-back-over-10k-but-price-rally-looks-weak/

[2021-02-09] Cointelegraph: Will Apple be the next company to adopt
Bitcoin?

Earlier today, Tesla Motors announced it had made a major Bitcoin purchase and planned to
introduce crypto payments in the future. Some in the industry are now speculating that Apple will be
the next institutional player to adopt the crypto asset.In a market report from Royal Bank of Canada
Dominion Securities analyst Paul Steves, the introduction of the tech company into crypto could
create more than $40 billion in annual revenue and make waves across the industry.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/will-apple-be-the-next-company-to-adopt-bitcoin-after-teslaI am sure
this is just a speculations but not so far-pitched considering that Apple has the money, and they
have the desire to maintain financial leadership into the future...they can be taking this good
opportunity to be a good player with Bitcoin as the platform, just like what Tesla has done a day ago.
And in case, Apple will finally decide to make a big stake in Bitcoin, this can open up an avalanche
of many other big corporate entities to also join the Bitcoin party. Welcome to the real big bull
run!What is your opinion with this development? 

[2018-06-30] Malta Now “Blockchain Island” After Passing Three
Blockchain Bills

Malta Now “Blockchain Island” After Passing Three Blockchain BillsMalta became the first country in
the world to pass cryptocurrency and blockchain bills that are favorable to the crypto community.The
Maltese Parliament passed three cryptocurrency and blockchain bills into law on Tuesday, thus
becoming one of the most attractive places for blockchain startups. The bills were proposed by
Silvio Schembri, Parliamentary Secretary for Financial Services, Digital Economy and Innovation,
and were passed with unanimous votes.The new laws regulate initial coin offering (ICOs),
cryptocurrencies, and the businesses practices for launching a crypto-oriented company in Malta.
Schembri tweeted after the parliamentary vote:    Today Maltese Parliament unanimously approved
3 bills on DLT/blockchain, a 1st in the World. Honored to have driven these bills. Announced that Mr
Stephen McCarthy will be the CEO of the new #Malta Digital Innovation Authority. #BlockchainIsland
-SS    — Silvio Schembri (@SilvioSchembri) June 26, 2018The three bills are as follows:    The
Virtual Financial Assets Act (VFA) – This law touches upon ICOs, which are a new form of
fundraising. The law stipulates that startups looking to conduct ICOs have to come up with white
papers that describe in detail the whole project, a practice that is currently followed by most startups.
Also, ICO firms will have to publish their financial history.    The Malta Digital Innovation Authority
Act – the second law regulates the crypto and blockchain market and sets up a new regulatory entity
called the Malta Digital Innovation Authority (MDIA). The body will be led by a Board of Governors
and a CEO. The first CEO of the new authority is Stephen McCarthy.    Technology Arrangements
and Services Bill – the third law discusses the registration and licensing procedures for blockchain
service providers. It also addresses the registration of a crypto exchange on Malta’s territory. Crypto
watchers hope that this law will attract major crypto exchanges from around the world.Malta has

been known as an ideal destination for crypto and blockchain startups even before these bills were
passed into laws. Several major players in the industry, including Binance and OKEx, have
established offices in Malta.At the beginning of this month, we reported that Malta was running with
its blockchain trial for credentials. If the experiment succeeds, it might be extended at the national
level to reach all areas of the education system and let the 400,000 residents store their educational
records on a blockchain platform.Source:
https://cryptovest.com/news/malta-now-blockchain-island-after-passing-three-blockchain-bills

[2018-7-4]Crypto Markets Holding Gains, With Bitcoin Above $6,500. .

Crypto markets are relatively stable today, July 4, as data from Coin360 shows, with Bitcoin (BTC)
holding above the $6,500 price point. Most of the top coins by market cap are seeing minor gains
and losses on the day to pres time.Bitcoin is trading around $6,752 to press time, up almost 3
percent over the 24-hour period. After a significant uptick starting June 30, the leading
cryptocurrency continues to hold comfortably above the $6,300 resistance level, which Fundstrat’s
Robert Sluymer earlier this week highlighted as crucial for reversing spring’s downtrend.Top altcoin
Ethereum (ETH) is trading around $477 to press time, up around 2 percent over the past 24 hours.
The coin’s weekly high saw it trading at $483, and its gains on the week are now at 8 percent to
press time.https://cointelegraph.com/news/crypto-markets-holding-gains-with-bitcoin-above-6-500

[2017-11-13] Bitcoin Cash Pump Stalls, Stabilizes Near $1500

The Bitcoin marketplace has become a sort of chaotic mess, as the hardfork altcoin Bitcoin Cash
(BCH) has surged. Many pundits have embraced the new altcoin as a way to honor the original
Bitcoin vision of Satoshi Nakamoto. In contrast to the original BTC, BCH offers 8MB block sizes and
faster transaction times.As the new NYA-proposed SegWit2X hard fork has been put to an untimely
end, the Bitcoin community expected stability and increasing prices. However, quite the opposite
happened for Bitcoin as the price has sustained a substantial decline over the past couple of
days.As Bitcoin rapidly dropped in value, BCH has responded in the opposite way, pulling investors
and consumers away from the original core chain, moving large amounts of volume into the BCH
camp, and producing . So intense was the price shift, that even Vitalik Buterin publicly congratulated
the chain’s growth.Bitcoin Cash or Bitcoin Core?Bitcoin Cash has continued to surprise the majority
of BTC holders. The price has moved in huge swings, often as much as $500 in a matter of a few
hours. As volatility increases and the market continues to correct and swing, prices will continue to
move back and forth between the two contentious forks. Both have their followers, and the winning
coin will have a sizable following after the dust settles.However, among many industry insiders the
results of the contention are not critical. Regardless of which fork succeeds, the general goal among
cryptocurrency advocates is that support will continue to grow in the general marketplace. David
Sønstebø Founder and Chairman of IOTA said:      "The entire Bitcoin/Bitcoin Cash drama and fork
fiasco highlights just how stagnant Bitcoin is both as a technology and community, as well as how
the centralized miners have the ability to manipulate the market at a whim. Furthermore it really
shows the inherent limitations of Blockchain architecture. No matter which route the quorum decides
to go in, it will have a negligible effect on Bitcoin's adoption as a transactional settlement
layer.”https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-cash-pump-stalls-stabilizes-near-1500

[2017-07-17]China Financial Conference Provides Outlook for Regulatory

The financial regulatory system in China remains to be sub-industry supervision with “ one bank and
three commissions” structure, which refers to the People’s Bank of China(PBOC), the China
Banking Regulatory Commission(CBRC), the China Securities Commission (CSRC) and the China

Insurance Regulatory Commission(CIRC). Such regulatory design leads to two difficult situations.
First is the overlapping of regulation: if a bank gets involved in securities business, the bank must
follow guidance and regulation from two authorities. Second is the opposite: the absence of
regulation. Some new financial business model (like some internet “Wealth Management Company”)
that intersects into various sectors requires coordination of two or more authorities, which often
results in a grey or vacuum area of
regulation.http://news.8btc.com/china-financial-conference-provides-outlook-for-regulatory-environm
ent-of-cryptocurrency

[2018-02-23]Popsci - Learn how to make smart investments in Bitcoin

While there is still volatility in the market, there is also plenty of room for long-term growth. Investors
who get in early and understand the marketplace are in a good position to make money.Stack
CommercePrior to 2015, few people had ever heard of Bitcoin. Digital currencies seemed to be fun
experiments rather than looming realities. But in the last year or so, Bitcoin has made everyone sit
up and pay attention.While there is still volatility in the market, there is also plenty of room for
long-term growth. Investors who get in early and understand the marketplace are in a good position
to make money. The Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Mastery Bundle helps you do just that, with six
courses and 257 concise video lessons. You can get the whole lot now for $29 via the PopSci Shop.
Here’s a breakdown of the training.The Complete Bitcoin Course: Get .0001 BTC in Your
WalletBefore you jump feet first, it makes sense to test the water with any investment. This
grassroots course helps you make your first Bitcoin purchase and understand how the currency
works. Every student receives .0001 bitcoin to play around with, and you learn how to spend your
Bitcoins online. The lessons also look at money-making opportunities, such as investing and
mining.Bitcoin for Business: How to Accept BitcoinMany privacy-conscious consumers prefer to pay
with Bitcoin rather than their credit card, because cryptocurrency transactions are untraceable. If
you’re a budding entrepreneur, this course will show you how to start accepting Bitcoin payments,
both online and physically. The videos cover payment processing, the legal side, and whether
Bitcoin is right for your business.Start & Secure Your Bitcoin Fortune: Join the RevolutionWhen you
first start buying Bitcoin, the process can be pretty confusing. Knowing what to do with your
purchase is even harder. This course shows you how to store your Bitcoin and protect your digital
fortune from 99 percent of attacks. The course helps you to choose the right wallet for your needs,
and to transfer your funds out of any exchange. You also get loads of useful security advice, from
two-factor authentication through to cold wallets and password hygiene.Initial Coin Offering A-Z:
Become a Smart ICO InvestorThere is more to cryptocurrency trading than merely buying and
selling well-known coins. An ICO, or initial coin offering, gives you the opportunity to make an early
investment in a brand new cryptocurrency. This course helps you understand this brand new kind of
venture capital using historic case studies. You learn how to evaluate any ICO using a methodical
approach, and learn about the limitations of the process.Cryptocurrency TradingSo you’ve read that
there is money to be made in the cryptocurrency markets. But where to start? This course answers
that question and many more. Through 39 videos, you go from crypto rookie to expert trader. The
course explains the technical side, helps you stay secure, explains more about ICOs, and helps you
get started in the markets. You even get to watch live examples of market bulls and bears, helping
you gain confidence.Certified Bitcoin ProfessionalAside from investing, there are many careers
based around Bitcoin. This course helps you pass the Bitcoin Professional Certification exam, which
is widely recognized throughout the industry. After a crash course in crypto economics, you take a
full tour of the Bitcoin platform. You also learn about Bitcoin commerce and the advantage of
different storage systems. You should come away with the knowledge to talk about Bitcoin with
confidence.Put together, these courses amount to more than 22 hours of training. The bundle
includes lifetime access to all the courses, and you can stream the lessons on desktop and mobile
devices.Order now for $29 and save 70 percent on this epic learning bundle.https://www.popsci.com

[2018-07-04]IT Shield: Russian Military Believes Blockchain Technology
will Comp

IT Shield: Russian Military Believes Blockchain Technology will Completely Defeat HackersThe
Russian Federation Ministry of Defence is creating a very strong and sui generis research laboratory
inside the ERA technologies park, where all technologies associated with blockchain will be
developed and put into practical use to improve cybersecurity and control cyber onfall on extremely
important information infrastructure, according to Izvestia news outlet.Read the details in the article
of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/it-shield-russian-military-believes-blockchain-technology-will-completely-defeat-h
ackers/

[2019-02-04] Ex Bitcoin Foundation chair claims billions ahead of Mt.Gox
victims

I cannot find the words to express how shameful and how very low this person is for the human
race. I shake my head.However, I do not know the whole story except for what I have read in this
article. Does Peter Vessenes and Coinlab rightfully have strong claims on all the money to make
him think that all the Mt.Gox victims should get nothing?Peter Vessenes smilingAttorney Daniel
Kelman tweeted, “Peter @vessenes is now confirmed as the party claiming ¥1.6 [trillion] JPY in
damages from MtGox. He apparently thinks MtGox victims should get nothing.”Mt Gox was, at the
time half a decade ago, processing upward of 70% of the world’s bitcoin, and when it finally
collapsed, a lot of people lost a lot of money. Investigations were launched. Funds were reportedly
gone forever, then were suddenly recovered, and then were revealed to be only a fraction of the real
amount. Price appreciations in 2017 appeared to make what was left over more than compensation
solvent for victims, and then prices crashed. Trust appointees have dumped BTC onto the market,
resulting in, some contend, various price crashes. And those are only part of the story.The latest
wrinkle in the saga can be summed up by crypto exchange Kraken CEO and founder Jesse Powell,
who gasped, “Unbelievable balls on [Vessenes] to hold up payouts to thousands of victims for years
with an entirely frivolous claim over a botched partnership attempt. How could you think that your
$16B claim should be senior to the actual account holders’? How do you show your face?” As of
publication Vessenes has not responded.Reports from the middle of last year claimed something
like $1 billion in BTC would be returned to victims, and it’s not immediately clear what impact
Vessenes’ claim would have on that dispersal. However, a court’s challenge is to find who is owed
what amount and in what order. Conceivably, Vessenes’ claim could wipe out the entirety of what’s
left, and at least hold up the process altogether if a court finds his claim worthy of
investigation.Document of Peter Vessenes' claimRead in full
https://coinspice.io/news/former-bitcoin-foundation-chair-claims-billions-from-mt-gox-ahead-of-victim
s/

[2016-5-17] Decentralized, Transparent, Blockchain-Based Governance

Everyone in the crypto world has been talking about the “Civil War,” and not the one involving
Captain America and Iron Man. No, the civil war they are referring to is the Bitcoin civil war, a
rancorous year-long battle for control centered on
scalability.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/decentralized-transparent-blockchain-based-governance/

[2020-12-13]Aren’t You Glad You Kept Your Bitcoin? Don’t Sell It.

Aren’t you glad you kept that Bitcoin? I know I am.Even with the recent decline from its highs,
coming close to $20,000, investors have been bullish. Is it going to $50,000? Nope. It’s going to
$500,000, some on the Street have told me (hint: she runs a big, innovative ETF). These are the
wild speculative prognostications that make Bitcoin what it is. But keep it. Even if it goes to $5,000
again. We’ve seen that what comes around, goes around.It took over 1,000 days since Bitcoin hit its
previous all-time high, recorded in December 2017.Read the article @
https://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2020/12/13/arent-you-glad-you-kept-your-bitcoin-dont-sell-it
/

[2017-11-13] BCash Price Drops by $900 as CoinMarketCap Excludes
Bithumb’s price

Cryptocurrency enthusiasts are all too familiar with the concept of the roller coaster. The Bitcoin
price has seen wild fluctuations, but eventually settles down without too much of a problem. The
Bitcoin Cash price, on the other hand, has seen massive growth and is starting to pay the price.
These past few hours have seen a drop of US$700 in the artificially inflated price of this altcoin.
Bitcoin Cash Price is Showing Signs of WeaknessA lot has been said about the Bitcoin Cash price
over the past week. That is not entirely surprising, as this slightly modified version of Bitcoin has
seen a pretty stellar price trend over the past few days. After rising from US$350 all the way to a
new all-time high of over US$2,400, the major correction everyone knew was coming has finally
begun. It may get very bloody in the coming hours, although the prior uptrend may resume as well,
for all we know.The Bitcoin Cash price is US$1,462.13 at the time of writing. While this is still a 53%
increase compared to 24 hours ago, it is evident the major Bitcoin Cash price party is over as of
right now. About an hour ago, this currency was worth US$1,000 more than it is now. It is evident
that BCH’s inflated market capitalization and price would eventually result in people cashing out. It’s
mainly the people advocating for this fork to succeed who are taking profits, packing their ball, and
going home.This sharp drop in price was bound to happen sooner or later. With the Bitcoin Cash
price having been pumped as hard as it has, something had to give sooner or later. Despite high
trading volume all week, it is evident the sellers are starting to outweigh the buyers. A top has been
reached at just over 0.5 BTC, even though everyone knows that never represented the true Bitcoin
Cash price. No one knows what this altcoin should be worth right now, but it’s certainly not
US$2,400.The US$10.15 billion in 24-hour trading volume has certainly helped the Bitcoin Cash
price retain its high value these past few days. Even right now, it is still up by almost 400%
compared to a week or so ago. That in itself is pretty amazing, especially for a cryptocurrency which
still has everything to prove right now. There will be some interesting developments in this regard
over the next 48 hours, to say the very least. Perhaps the most disconcerting aspect of all this is
how Bithumb has generated around 40% of all trading volume for Bitcoin Cash during this entire
pump. CoinMarketCap has decided not to use the Bithumb price for its weighted average anymore,
although it is unclear why that is the case. Considering that the platform is still trading BCH at
US$2,534 right now, it is evident something is amiss there. While everyone likes Bithumb, it is
possible the exchange has run into some issues. We will keep an eye on this development over the
coming hours and days to figure out what is going on exactly.In the end, it seems the Bitcoin Cash
price has had a good run, but all good things must come to an end. It is possible the Bitcoin Cash
price will recover before the day is over, though, but without Bithumb leading the charge, that may
not be as easy as one would assume. It will be very interesting to see what the future holds for BCH,
as there are a lot of people paying attention to this particular market right now. Source:
https://themerkle.com/bitcoin-cash-price-drops-by-900-as-coinmarketcap-excludes-bithumbs-price/

[2017-11-13]“Clamor in the East, Attack in the West”

“Clamor in the East, Attack in the West” Bitcoin network difficulty is going to adjust downward today

if everything goes on as planned.  It was 24 August that the network saw 3.8% hashrate drop at
6.36 EH. Right now it is around 10.4 EH, over 60% increase in less than 3 months. Meanwhile, BCH
soared to 834 USD at press time. Different groups interpreted the news on their own interest:Core
supporters believes that it’s a total victory and the community is united again. Bitcoin will rise.Bitcoin
Cash supporters believes that the segwit2x backer will join them in on-chain scaling. Bitcoin cash
will rise.Altcoin holders believes that the failure of bitcoin scaling will drive investors into altcoins.
Altcoin will rise.It seems everyone should be
happy.http://news.8btc.com/clamor-in-the-east-attack-in-the-west-bch-rises-as-bitcoin-network-diffic
ulty-drops

 [2020-12-15] Blockchain Adoption in South Korea’s Health Sector on the
Rise Ami

South Korea’s healthcare sector is seeing an increase in blockchain adoption as practitioners pivot
towards virtual contact with patients amid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. From the handling of
clinical research data to patient information, the novel tech is experiencing utilization in South Korea
as stakeholders prioritize privacy and efficiency within the industry.The 2020 Blockchain NIPA
conference in South Korea set the stage to showcase the increasing deployment of decentralized
ledger technology (DLT) in the country’s healthcare arena. According to a Dec. 15 report by The
Capital, several panels at the event offered evidence of significant blockchain penetration in South
Korea’s health sector amid the scourge of COVID-19.Appearing during the conference organized by
the National Agency for the Promotion of the IT Industry (NIPA), Paul Park, CEO of South Korean
blockchain outfit FLETA presented a real-world data (RWD) clinical research data logging project
developed using blockchain technology. Back in June 2019, FLETA secured a $3 million grant to
develop a proof of concept (PoC) for the platform.Park also revealed that FLETA also utilized
Chainlink as well as partnerships with medical centers in the country to catalog and analyze nine
years of clinical data of patients with diabetes. South Korea reportedly has over 3.6 million people
suffering from diabetes, a major COVID-19 mortality risk factor. FLETA’s blockchain RWD will run in
concert with the company’s other clinal DLT-based project eCFR.Outside South Korea, COVID-19
has also shaped the utilization of blockchain technology in the health sector. In October, IBM
announced plans to tackle the pandemic using protocols based on the novel tech.source:
https://btcmanager.com/blockchain-adoption-south-korea-health-sector-covid-19/

[2016-07-31] news.bitcoin.com-US Slowly Going Cash-Free, But Where’s
the Bitcoin

US Slowly Going Cash-Free, But Where’s the Bitcoin?An article in this weekend’s New York Times
gave the example of Sweetgreen, a chain of healthy-eating restaurants. After noting that cash
transactions had declined to under 10% of totals and that airlines had long stopped using cash,
management decided to go cash-free at a number of locations.Less than 10 years ago, 40% of
Sweetgreen customers used cash.Bitcoin NFCThere are three main reasons for this. First is the
growing number of payment options thanks to advances in technology, including chip-and-PIN
cards, mobile devices and services like Apple Pay. Second, of course, is speed and convenience –
neither customers nor businesses need to keep or handle cumbersome physical cash, and orders
can be placed in advance.READ MORE >>> https://news.bitcoin.com/us-cash-free-bitcoin/

[2017-07-14] Social Media and Blockchain: Where Everyone Has Voice
and Freedom

Internet has instigated a huge paradigm shift in the way we communicate with each other and

participate in global discourse. Historically governments and large corporations used to boast media
monopoly when it came to addressing mass audiences. Media channels were objectively too
expensive to build and maintain hence big players had little competition when pushing their
narratives. But everything changed at the turn of the century.Social media is a fairly new invention
yet we can hardly imagine our life without them now. Today every adult human being does not only
consume content without limits, but is also a content creator by default with a potential reach of
millions followers.Read the full article here: https://coinidol.com/blockchain-unchaining-social-media/

[2016-05-16] Announcing the Thunder Network Alpha Release

Announcing the Thunder Network Alpha ReleaseAt Blockchain, we’re on a mission to create an
open, accessible, and equitable financial future. Since our inception, we have focused on building
products that make it easy for everyday people to use bitcoin to store and transfer value all over the
world. We make Bitcoin usable and useful. We’ve been able to do that because we develop with a
user-focused mandate.
https://blog.blockchain.com/2016/05/16/announcing-the-thunder-network-alpha-release/

[2017-07-13] Swiss Falcon Private Bank goes Bitcoin Asset Management

https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2017/07/12/business/12reuters-swiss-banks-falcon-bitcoin.html?m
cubz=1Here we go ....

[2016-12-08]Advance in the cost of Bitcoin has entered the Top-10 of Saxo
Bank..

Specializing in online trading and investments Saxo Bank has included in its ten provocative
forecasts, in the investment sphere, the expansion of the value of Bitcoin. This is stated in the press
release of the
bank...https://bit.news/eng/advance-cost-bitcoin-entered-top-10-saxo-bank-provocative-predictions/

[2016-01-07] ItBit details 2015 Achievements and Aims for 2016

ItBit, the bitcoin exchange company, has released a newsletter detailing its highlights of 2015, along
with the goals and aims it is looking to achieve in the year ahead. Some of the key points in itBit’s
year, and the plan for 2016, are detailed below.Back in May 2015, itBit reported its U.S. bitcoin
exchange launch, which became the first bitcoin company to receive a trust company charter from
the New York State Department of Financial Services. This designation allowed itBit to offer
customers asset protection and financial reporting comparable to banks and brokerages.In July, itBit
became the first financial services company to provide both a bitcoin exchange and OTC trading
services with the launch of its OTC Agency Trading Desk. In addition to this, monthly OTC update
reports were released detailing the OTC trading data in an effort to be transparent.Over the course
of the year itBit has seen a tripling of its trader customer base. ItBit has also reported over 300%
growth in average monthly bitcoin exchange trading volume and over $40 million in bitcoin OTC
trading, with over 30% growth month-over-month. Two instances of its OTC trading team winning
USMS auctions were also highlighted: 3,000 bitcoins in March and 10,000 bitcoins in November on
behalf of a syndicate of clients.Read more :
http://allcoinsnews.com/2016/01/07/itbit-details-2015-achievements-and-aims-for-2016/

[2016-03-07] New EAST Report Shows ATM Skimming Is Evolving

Are you worried about skimming attacks? Have you ever feel victim to this type of activity?The
European ATM Security Team released a new European Fraud Update for 2016. As part of this
report, an interesting picture is painted as to how ATM fraud is evolving in Europe. A total of 23
European countries are represented in this report, and by the look of things, the fraud rates are not
going down by much. Bitcoin remains a viable alternative to traditional finance, as digital currency
ATMs are not affected by skimming issues for the time
being.http://bitcoinist.net/new-east-report-shows-atm-skimming-is-evolving/

[2017-07-11]  Why SegWit2x Makes No Sense

A number of Bitcoin companies and miners have agreed to run code that will implement a
hard-forking increase to the non-witness data in blocks roughly three months after the activation of
Segregated Witness (SegWit). According to some of its proponents , the proposal, known as
SegWit2x , is said to be the only viable solution to the Bitcoin scaling debate.However, agreeing to
initiate a hard fork without knowing how speculators will react to such a change comes with risks. If
there is not full support for the hard fork from bitcoin holders, the end result could be a split of
Bitcoin into two separate cryptocurrency networks, which could cause extreme brand confusion
among the general public (depending on the severity of the split).In addition to the potential risks of
a permanent split of the community, SegWit2x also ignores tools that could be used to get the
intended benefits of this particular hard-forking increase to capacity without the possibility of a
network split.Perhaps most troubling, SegWit2x ignores the reasons as to why Bitcoin is useful in
the first place.Speculators Call the ShotsWhile the original Medium post regarding the New York
Agreement claimed the signatories accounted for $5.1 billion worth of monthly on-chain transaction
volume (more than half of the entire network for April), the general view of SegWit2x from bitcoin
holders is unclear at this time. Companies representing large amounts of bitcoin holdings ( Digital
Currency Group , Coinbase , Xapo , etc.) have signed onto the agreement as well, but we have yet
to see speculators have the chance to set a price for the hard-forked chain.As of now, the hard-fork
portion of SegWit2x appears to be contentious, which means exchanges are likely to list both the
original chain and the chain with a hard-forking increase to the block size limit. Companies that take
custody of their users' bitcoins will need to allow their users to withdraw both coins.Although more
than 80 percent of the network hashrate has agreed to run the SegWit2x code, it's possible that
speculators will prefer the non-hard fork chain. It's also possible that a futures market could illustrate
this point before the hard fork takes place.Of course, miners could decide to mine at a loss and not
listen to the market, which would theoretically go against the incentives of the Bitcoin system. If
miners abandon the chain preferred by users, it's possible that a proof-of-work change will be
needed, as faith in the current miners may be lost.Such a scenario could be disastrous for Bitcoin,
which means miners (and everyone else in the ecosystem) should be incentivized to avoid it. But
we'll have to see what happens.If These Companies Control Bitcoin, Then a Public Blockchain is
Not NeededThe point of Bitcoin is that it allows everyone to have full control over their money
without the need for a trusted third party. There is no third party in Bitcoin because no one controls
the consensus rules . If someone is in control of Bitcoin's consensus rules, then they've effectively
become the third party that the system was designed to avoid in the first place.With the New York
Agreement, the signatories are basically saying they control the rules of Bitcoin (or at least the fork
of Bitcoin that they've all agreed to run). If that's the case, then the need for a public blockchain is
less clear. Users would effectively be trusting these institutions with the rules of the system and
ordering of transactions because they could decide to completely change the rules via a hard fork at
any point in time. If the system is no longer trustless, Sybil attacks on the state of the blockchain can
be thwarted by having trusted entities sign blocks rather than miners.With that in mind, it may make
more sense to launch a federated sidechain pegged to Bitcoin's main chain instead of trying to turn
the main chain into a trusted system. This would allow the main chain to retain Bitcoin's core value

proposition of permissionless money while the sidechain can process the microtransactions these
companies desire.The signatories of the New York Agreement could become the functionaries of the
sidechain, where they'd control the consensus rules and sign blocks. This sort of setup makes much
more sense if users are supposed to trust these entities anyway. A much more efficient transaction
network can be created when proof-of-work and decentralization are thrown out the window.In fact,
this is exactly what Blockstream 's Liquid sidechain is supposed to achieve early next year .
Ironically, some of the signers of the New York Agreement are supposed to be participants in
Blockstream's upcoming federated sidechain.If there are no goals for SegWit2x other than
increasing capacity on the Bitcoin network, then a federated sidechain is a much better alternative.
There's no risk of a chain split, capacity can be increased exponentially higher than the twofold
increase offered by the hard-fork portion of SegWit2x, and other features, such as Confidential
Transactions and faster block times, can also be implemented.Put in this perspective, SegWit2x is
completely nonsensical. I'm not sure what the New York Agreement will lead to over the next few
months, but it appears to be unnecessarily
risky.http://www.nasdaq.com/article/op-ed-why-segwit2x-makes-no-sense-cm814759

[2017-11-09] Segwit2x Futures Continue to Trade Despite Fork
Cancellation

Despite yesterday’s announcement that the anticipated Segwit2x hard fork will not be taking place,
Segwit2x futures markets continue to trade. As of this writing, Segwit2x futures are trading for
approximately $250 USD on Hitbtc and Exrate, and trading for approximately $180 USD on
Bitfinex.Yesterday’s Announcement That the Contentious Segwit2x Fork Will Not Occur Sent
Shockwaves Through the Cryptocurrency MarketsIn response to the news regarding Segwit2x,
bitcoin suddenly spiked upward from $7500 USD to establish a new all-time high of $7900 USD
before an aggressive round of dumping drove the price down to establish support at roughly $7000.
After a brief overnight recovery of approximately 5%, the price of bitcoin hovers around 7150 USD
after retesting the $7000 support area as of this writing.The news, however, proved to be
catastrophic for many traders who had invested in Segwit2x futures, such as the author of this article
who spent $85,000 to purchase 90 futures on Bitfinex.Segwit2x futures plummeted from
approximately $1300 USD down to a low of $150 USD, before bouncing up to the $300 – $400 USD
range, according to Coinmarketcap. As of this writing, Coinmarketcap reports that prices have sunk
back down to approximately $250 USD. Bitfinex’s BT2 tokens are trading significantly lower at
approximately $180 USD. Since the all-time high of approximately $2400 USD on the 3rd of
November, Segwit2x futures have lost roughly 90% percent of their value.After Losing
Approximately 80% of Their Value in One Day, Segwit2x Futures Contracts Continue to Change
HandsMike Belshe’s post stated that the goal of Segwit2x “has always been a smooth upgrade for
Bitcoin. Although we strongly believe in the need for a larger blocksize, there is something we
believe is even more important: keeping the community together.” Belshe acknowledged that
Segwit2x had “failed to buil[d] sufficient consensus for a clean blocksize upgrade,” and that
“continuing on the current path could divide the community and be a setback to Bitcoin’s
growth.”Segwit2x’s initial bounce was likely driven by traders closing short positions, however, many
traders are uncertain as to why market participants are still willing to purchase Segwit2x futures in
spite of Mike Belshe’s announcement canceling the fork. One possible reason factoring in could be
the mining group Bitpico’s announcement they’ll continue with activation of the Segwit2x
forkhttps://news.bitcoin.com/segwit2x-futures-continue-to-trade-despite-fork-cancellation/

[2018-02-20] New Bitcoin Code Will Finally Boast Full SegWit Support

New Bitcoin Code Will Finally Boast Full SegWit SupportFinally activated last August after months of
controversy, SegWit is now spurring developers to put together a more structured, "themed" release

for the software, an unusual development for the team behind the world's oldest and most valuable
cryptocurrency
network.https://www.coindesk.com/bitcoins-new-code-will-finally-boast-full-segwit-support/

[2016-07-29] news.bitcoin.com-Scottish ‘Brexit Research Paper’ Looks to
Bitcoin

Scottish ‘Brexit Research Paper’ Looks to BitcoinDr. Craig Dalzell’s paper, “Scottish currency
options post-Brexit,” describes some monetary choices for the country if it chooses to be
independent from the EU. Some of them being the £Scot pegged to various other currencies, such
as the sterling pound or the gold standard.Dalzell then discusses what he calls a “new entry into the
financial field and one which has yet to be fully tested at a national scale, cryptocurrencies like
Bitcoin.”The paper explains that cryptocurrency could represent the concept of money in a new
digital age. He says the method of creating a digital currency like Bitcoin removes third-party
intervention, and may have the power to remove “unaccountable corporations.”However, Dalzell
says the unknown verification system of cryptocurrency — unlike legacy financial institutions — may
undermine the value of money if used in Scotland.READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/scottish-brexit-paper-looks-bitcoin/

[2016-07-29] news.bitcoin.com-The Bitcoin Economy ‘Has Grown and
Matured, ...

The Bitcoin Economy ‘Has Grown and Matured,’ Study RevealsIn partnership with Deutsche
Bundesbank, the University of Wisconsin, and the UCL Centre for Blockchain Technologies,
researchers declare that Bitcoin is maturing towards critical mass and enterprise usage.Data reveals
that transactions across the network have risen “exponentially,” and seem to be increasing at a rapid
rate. This makes Bitcoin an appropriate study, researchers say, that explores how this
cryptocurrency will evolve over time. READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/study-bitcoin-economy-matured/

[2017-11-09] Blockchain-powered Mergers & Acquisitions Marketplace
unveiled 

Bitcoin Garden: LEXIT’s Blockchain-powered Mergers & Acquisitions Marketplace unveiled at Web
Summit 2017,
Lisbonhttps://bitcoingarden.org/lexits-blockchain-powered-mergers-acquisitions-marketplace-unveile
d-web-summit-2017-lisbon/LEXIT, an Estonian startup developing network-based Mergers &
Acquisitions solutions, unveiled its Ethereum-blockchain-powered marketplace today. At Web
Summit 2017, Lisbon, Amir Kaltak, LEXIT CEO and co-founder, presented the Marketplace,
connecting buyers and sellers of technology, IP, and entire startups, stating:“More than 95% of all
startups vanish prematurely, taking invaluable knowledge and great ideas with them. The remaining
5% often pivots radically during their lifecycle, abandoning amazing tech on their way to success.
Even successful mid-tier startups struggle to find exit strategies that reflect their true value. LEXIT’s
goal is to help all of them utilize their technology, putting it a new and successful context.” – Amir
Kaltak, LEXIT CEO.Addressing an international audience at Web Summit 2017, Lisbon, Kaltak
explained the importance of re-inventing traditional M&A workflows...

[2016-11-29] WikiLeaks Receives over $2.9 Milllion in Bitcoin Donations So
Far

WikiLeaks Receives over $2.9 Milllion in Bitcoin Donations So FarThe decentralized nature of
Bitcoin makes it independent of conventional banking and payment systems. The very reason led to
WikiLeaks adopt cryptocurrency payments as the main donation option on its website. The
whistleblower site created by Julian Assange has the habit of constantly finding itself in the bad
books of the governments, which in turn has impacted its access to banking
services.http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/11/29/wikileaks-receives-over-2-9-milllion-in-bitcoin-donation
s-so-far/

[2016-05-15]21 Inc., Building the Future of Bitcoin

21 Inc., Building the Future of BitcoinBitcoin and blockchain technology, which were niche segments
a couple of years ago has now become the hottest sectors in the technology industry. the number of
startups and companies working in this sector has grown exponentially as well. While it is hard to
keep track of all the companies involved in the digital currency/digital currency technology, there is a
handful who have earned recognition by doing things a bit differently and 21 Inc. is one such
company...read more

[2016-07-28] news.bitcoin.com-Vancouver Real Estate Tax Hike May Drive
More ...

Vancouver Real Estate Tax Hike May Drive More Chinese to BitcoinIn Metro Vancouver, Chinese
buyers make up about 33 percent of national bank of canadathe housing market, according to ‘back
of the envelope’calculations by National Bank of Canada.Prices for real estate in the city vaulted 30
percent to an average of $1.8 million Canadian dollars for detached homes in February. This is just
some of the latest data in the trend that has caused the average home price to jump roughly 40
percent in five years, and the rate of growth has been increasing.READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/vancouver-real-estate-tax-china-bitcoin/

[2016-05-14] Malaysian Central Bank Focuses on Adapting FinTech
Regulation

The governor of Bank Negara Malaysia mentioned the great benefits in bringing FinTech to Islamic
finance. At the same time, Muhammad Ibrahim made a note of how regulators need to guard
against certain risks present in the FinTech sector. Any form of innovation — particularly in the
financial sector — is always greeted with a fair amount of skepticism, before it is either embraced or
rejected altogether.https://news.bitcoin.com/malaysian-bank-fintech-regulation/

[2016-03-05] OmniDex: Keeping You From Getting Goxxed? 

Do you guys think OmniDex can really pull off a truly decentralized exchange while maintaining
speed and efficiency? Patrick Dugan of the Omni Foundation sat down with Bitcoinist to talk about
the potential of this project.'Last week, the Omni Foundation announced the release of the OmniDex
1.0, a trustless cryptocurrency exchange. The Omni Foundation claims that their exchange is the
first of its kind, bringing truly-decentralized trading through a platform that “has no human
component.” The purpose of this exchange is secure and trustless trading; OmniDex wants people
to be able to buy and sell without getting “Goxxed.”'Omni Foundation board member Patrick Dugan
sat down with us to discuss the Omni Foundation, the Omni protocol, and the new OmniDex 1.0
exchange.'http://bitcoinist.net/omnidex-keeping-you-from-getting-goxed/

[2018-06-27] Apple’s Wozniak Calling the Blockchain Kettle Black

Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple with Steve jobs in 1976 and is widely considered the man
behind the engineering of their first computer, was on stage Tuesday at the NEX technology
conference in New York talking about the future of blockchain technology. Full article on NewsBTC

[2016-01-06] What Does The Future Hold For The Blockchain?

A lot of people have been wondering as to why blockchain technology suddenly became of such
interest to financial institutions around the world. There are several reasons attributing to this status
with 2015 having been a year of many success stories. In the end, these stories might lead to the
global adoption of Bitcoin as
well.http://digitalmoneytimes.com/what-does-the-future-hold-for-the-blockchain/

[2016-11-27] Multinational professional service firm accepting bitcoin...

One of the ‘Big Four’ accounting organizations, EY, recently announced that their Swiss firm will
soon begin accepting bitcoin. The firm has also installed a publicly-accessible Bitcoin ATM (BTM) in
their main office building, next to the Hardbrücke train station in Zurich, and has given bitcoin wallets
to all of their employees. The overall effort is part of the firm's global push to “digitalize itself,” the
firm
states.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/multinational-professional-service-firm-accepting-bitcoin-in-swi
tzerland/

[2018-06-27] ING Bank Survey Reveals Interest In Crypto Will Double In
Near Futu

Research company Ipsos on behalf of ING Bank B.V. has conducted a study on how
cryptocurrencies are perceived across Europe, Australia and the U.S., which reveals that interest in
the technology is expected to double in the future.While only 9 percent of respondents own crypto,
25 percent said they will own some in the future. The highest percent (18 percent) of crypto
ownership is reported in Turkey, while the lowest (4 percent) is in Luxembourg.The survey is
reportedly conducted several times a year and takes into account gender, age and population in
each country, while consumer figures are an average. The latest study, which was carried out
between March 26 and April 6, 2018, compared 15 countries, with about 1,000 respondents
surveyed in each.According to the study, 66 percent of Europeans have heard of cryptocurrency, of
which 77 percent are men and 55 percent are women; 35 percent agreed that crypto is the “future of
spending online,” while 35 percent said it will increase in value in the following 12 months.The share
of awareness of crypto is equal to or exceeds 50 percent in every surveyed country, with the highest
rate in Austria (79 percent) and Poland (77 percent). In the U.S., 57 percent of respondents have
heard of cryptocurrency.Fewer than one in ten in Europe owned crypto, with similar figures in the
U.S. and Australia. The survey revealed that people in Europe who are mobile bankers are much
more likely to own crypto (12 percent) than those who are not mobile bankers (4 percent).The study
revealed that most respondents recognize crypto as a riskier investment than cash, real estate,
government bonds, or the stock market. Among preferred sources of information on potential Bitcoin
(BTC) investments in 11 of 15 countries, people chose specialist websites. Respondents from
Spain, France, and Luxembourg preferred to rely on financial or bank advisors, while Italians said
they would prefer both specialist websites and professional advisors.Earlier this month, consulting

firm Capgemini found in its World Wealth Report 2018 that interest in cryptocurrencies has notably
grown among high-net-worth individuals. According to the report, nearly one-third of surveyed
individuals expressed high interest in cryptocurrencies. Interest in crypto was much higher among
younger investors, with 70 percent of respondents under 40 attaching great importance to having
their wealth managers provide information crypto, compared to only 13 percent of respondents 60
and
over.https://cointelegraph.com/news/ing-bank-survey-reveals-interest-in-crypto-will-double-in-near-fu
ture

[2016-07-27] btctheory.com] The Destituent Power of Crypto 

The Destituent Power of Crypto“There is something that all people, whether they admit it or not,
know in their heart of hearts: that things could have been different, that that would have been
possible. They could live not only without hunger and also probably without fear, but also freely. And
yet, at the same time—and all over the world—the social apparatus has become so hardened that
what lies before them as a means of possible fulfillment presents itself as radically impossible”
–Theodor Adornohttps://btctheory.com/2016/07/27/the-destituent-power-of-crypto/

[2017-07-07]Germany’s Largest Food Delivery with 11k Restaurants Now
Accepts BTC

Germany’s Largest Food Delivery with 11,000+ Restaurants Now Accepts BTCGermany’s largest
food delivery web portal, Lieferando.de, which boasts over 11,000 partner restaurants, recently
announced that it has started accepting bitcoin for payments. The company is owned by one of the
largest online food ordering websites in the world, Takeaway.com.Lieferando.de announced this
week that it has added bitcoin as a payment option. In addition to having over 11,000 partner
restaurants, the company claims to have 3.9 million users and 17.3 million orders with an average
order value of
€19.68.https://news.bitcoin.com/germanys-largest-food-delivery-service-restaurants-accepts-bitcoin/

[2018-06-22] Harm and benefit from the Bitcoin crisis

During the crisis, we are trying to save our money.This crisis has shown that most crypto-currencies
and tokens do not have no value.Most ICO projects using the word 'Blockchain' in their title reality
have nothing to do with it. A number of ICO participants and bounty programs lost their money and
time, spending them on mythical projects.Most of the holders of crypto currency are frightened by
the coming crypto-apocalypse, in awe sell their crypto stocks and lose their money.The trading
volumes on the exchanges are falling.But we think that this will not
happen,....Read:https://www.0xbt.net/news/view/28292/

[2020-04-08] Mining Bitcoin Just Became More Difficult by Almost 6%

While, two weeks ago, it was estimated that Bitcoin (BTC) mining difficulty might drop by 16%, it just
went up 5.77 % today, as more miners turned their machines on in the past two weeks. (Updated at
09:10 UTC: the second paragraph has been updated.)The mining difficulty (used as a measure for
how hard it is to compete for mining rewards) now stands at 14.7 T, or almost at the level, it was in
the second half of January, according to major Bitcoin mining pool BTC.com. In the next adjustment
in two-weeks time, mining difficulty is expected to rise by 5.65% to 15.55 T. However, this forecast
will change depending on changes in hashrate, the computational power of the Bitcoin network.

Should it increase further, the mining difficulty will follow. Since March 26 it's up by around
10%.https://cryptonews.com/news/mining-bitcoin-just-became-more-difficult-by-almost-6-6240.htm

[2017-07-06] Former Bain Manager Launches $50 Million Bitcoin and
Ethereum Fund 

Former Bain Manager Launches $50 Million Bitcoin and Ethereum Fund Some of the wealthiest
families in Latin America now have access to a new way to invest, thanks in part to a former senior
manager at consulting firm Bain & Company.Announced today, the newly formed Crypto Assets
Fund, co-founded by former senior manager at Bain, Roberto Ponce Romay, is helping to raise
$50m with the purpose of buying cryptocurrencies for family offices. Revealed exclusively to
CoinDesk, Crypto Assets Fund (CAF) will invest directly in bitcoin, ether, zcash, ripple, litecoin and
dash.The first tranche of the fund, estimated to be valued about $10m, is in the final stages of
closing, and is expected to be announced by the end of this
month.http://www.coindesk.com/former-bain-manager-launches-50-million-bitcoin-ethereum-fund/

[2017-11-07] Malaysia's Securities Watchdog Plans Cryptocurrency
Regulations 

Malaysia's securities regulator has revealed it is planning a regulatory framework for
cryptocurrencies.Speaking yesterday at the SCxSC Digital Finance Conference in Kuala Lumpur,
the chairman of Securities Commission Malaysia (SC), Tan Sri Ranjit Ajit Singh, explained that SC
is working on "relevant regulations and guidelines" for functional use cases of digital assets. These
include "secondary market trading of established cryptocurrency and digital assets" in the capital
market, he said.According to a report by Edge Markets, Ranjit indicated that SC is working closely
with the country's central bank, Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), to sketch out a framework on
cryptocurrencies that it expects to finalize in the coming months.He reportedly said: 
   "Together with
BNM, we will look at the area carefully and as SC is in charge of the secondary market, we would
craft regulations to ensure that the trading values have the right conditions in place for market
integrity and investor projection purposes".According to the report, Ranjit further said that various
cryptocurrency exchanges have approached the regulator and that, once the framework is outlined,
the SC would then see which exchanges are registered.The SC chairman also revealed that his
agency is working on a pilot project to explore distributed ledger technology (DLT) for unlisted and
OTC markets.Planned to boost digital innovation in Malaysia's capital markets, Ranjit said the
findings from the pilot would be published as an "industry blueprint."The news may mark a softening
of the country's previous stance on the trading of cryptocurrencies. Just a month ago, the central
bank indicated it make a decision on whether to ban the trading of cryptocurrencies "before the end
of the
year."https://www.coindesk.com/malaysias-securities-watchdog-plans-cryptocurrency-regulations/

[2016-03-03] Boosting Bitcoin Classic Mining With Voluntary Fees on A
Bitcoin Ex

Boosting Bitcoin Classic Mining With Voluntary Fees on A Bitcoin ExchangeVarious proposals are
floating around on the Internet to raise more support for Bitcoin Classic in these days of block size
debates and transaction backlogs. Some people proposed the idea of setting up a crowdfunding
effort for those miners who generate Bitcoin Classic blocks on the network.
http://bitcoinist.net/boosting-bitcoin-classic-mining-with-voluntary-fees-on-a-bitcoin-exchange/

[2016-11-22]Whatever happened to bitcoin? Young venture capitalist has
the..

Whatever happened to bitcoin? Young venture capitalist has the answerBitcoin, the virtual currency
used by savvy techies and online black market traders, has faded from the public eye in recent
months. But investor and cryptocurrency expert Adam Draper says bitcoin still has the potential to
play a major role in the financial market - once society figures out exactly what to use it for.Draper,
son of high-profile venture capitalist Tim Draper, founded Boost VC in 2012 to fund startups working
with bitcoin and the blockchain - the data structure that generates the digital coins. While it's unlikely
most people will be buying Starbucks with bitcoin in the near future, Draper said, the technology
could revolutionize everything from banking to stock transactions to the art industry.Where else will
bitcoin take off? Mars. When humans colonize the Red Planet, they won't be using cash, he
said."Almost all of the smartest people I've ever met in finance are working to make the blockchain
or digital currency happen," Draper said. "Huge institutions, insurance companies, banks - everyone
is trying to figure out what to do with
it."http://phys.org/news/2016-11-bitcoin-young-venture-capitalist.html#jCp

[2016-01-06] Audio: CoinBR Founder Rocelo Lopez discusses the
Brazilian market

CoinBR Founder Rocelo Lopez discusses the Brazilian
markethttp://www.bitcoin.kn/2016/01/coinbr-founder-rocelo-lopez-discusses-the-brazilian-market/

[2017-11-06] China Monitors Booming OTC Bitcoin Market After Shutting
Down Excha

China Monitors Booming OTC Bitcoin Market After Shutting Down ExchangesAfter shutting down
the country’s bitcoin exchanges, the Chinese government is monitoring the booming cryptocurrency
over-the-counter (OTC) market. A recent government report shows that 680 million yuan,
approximately $103 million, were traded in the last two weeks of October on the top three
international OTC trading platforms.Chinese Government’s Analysis of Bitcoin OTC TradingEver
since the Chinese government demanded in September that bitcoin exchanges in the country shut
down, China’s on-exchange bitcoin trading volume has all but disappeared. Concurrently, yuan
trading volumes on OTC platforms have significantly increased.The National Committee of Experts
on Internet Financial Security Technology published a report last week on the status of the Chinese
OTC bitcoin market. The committee was formally established in August of last year under the
guidance of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. The committee “monitored recent
bitcoin off-balance-sheet transactions through the National Internet Financial Risk Analysis
Technology Platform” settled in CNY to produce the report.There are two types of cryptocurrency
trading – intraday and OTC, the report began. “OTC usually has no fixed place, prescribed
membership, and strict rules and regulations; mainly the one-on-one transactions are conducted by
the counterparties through private negotiations.”In addition to P2P trading such as on Localbitcoins,
Chinese citizens also conducted transactions in-person or using live chat tools such as QQ, Wechat,
Telegram, and Slack. “A wide range of payment methods, including bank transfer, cash remittance,
third-party payment, [and] gift cards” were used, the report stated, adding that:"Alipay, Wechat and
bank transfer are the main payment methods for OTC BTC-CNY transactions."Read more:
https://news.bitcoin.com/china-monitors-booming-otc-bitcoin-market-shutting-exchanges/

[2016-03-02] The Verge: Bitcoin's Nightmare Scenario Has Come To Pass

Hold on to your arse...this oughta be
interesting...http://www.theverge.com/2016/3/2/11146584/bitcoin-core-classic-debate-transaction-lim
it-crisis

[2018-02-13] Australian High School to Host ‘Educational Presentation’ on
Crypto

Australian High School to Host ‘Educational Presentation’ on CryptocurrenciesThe soaring interest
in cryptocurrencies like bitcoin in the mainstream has compelled one high school in Australia to
reportedly host an information night on cryptocurrencies.In an email sent to students’ parents,
Brisbane-based St. Laurence’s College said it intends to hold an “educational presentation” on
cryptocurrencies after being made aware of senior students purchasing and adopting
cryptocurrencies, local news outlet ABC reported last week.The educational crash course will be
non-compulsory for the schools’ staff and students from Year 11 and 12, as well as parents who
express interest in understanding the “new space”, the email reportedly said.An excerpt from the
email added:“The presentation will look at features of cryptocurrencies, the technology underpinning
them, and will give some very basic information about the state of the market and ways to keep
investments safe.”The school insists it holds no bias or stance on the subject, but felt students
“should be cautioned and educated about these purchases.” The presentation was originally
scheduled to be held on February 2 but has been reportedly postponed.According to one financial
expert, the move to educate students on cryptocurrencies at an institutional level is a healthy
development. Queensland Tech’s business and accounting professor Chrisann Lee underlined the
importance of educating high schoolers and young adults on investing in cryptocurrencies. While
young adults typically possess strong basic financial literacy skills, advanced topics like investments
and returns could use a helping hand, according to Dr. Lee.“Especially telling them the underlying
asset that they are buying into, the technology that supports, the security and those kinds of
things… they need to be fully aware to make informed decisions,” she said, in support of the
school’s intention to educate students, parents and staff on cryptocurrencies and their underlying
blockchain technology.Meanwhile, Australia’s ‘big four’ banks have ruled out any prohibitive bans on
purchasing cryptocurrencies, unlike counterparts in the US and the UK. Australian authorities have
also confirmed the regulation of cryptocurrency exchanges in the country, a move that the
government believes will ensure consumer safety while facilitating the growth of the cryptocurrency
sector in the
country.https://www.ccn.com/australian-high-school-hold-educational-presentation-cryptocurrencies/

[2018-06-20]3 Hacks in 12 Months: The Reasons Behind Crypto Exchange
Bithumb

3 Hacks in 12 Months: The Reasons Behind Crypto Exchange Bithumb’s Failings.South Korea’s
biggest cryptocurrency exchange Bithumb, which has been the most trusted digital asset trading
platform within the country alongside UPbit, Coinone, and Korbit over the past few years, has been
hacked for the third time in 12 months.Hackers Can Hack Any Cryptocurrency ExchangeOn June
20, Bithumb experienced a $30 million hacking attack, following a $40 million security breach
suffered by CoinRail in early June. Only a small portion of Bithumb’s funds stored in its hot wallet
has been stolen and the speedy response by the Bithumb team to move funds from its hot wallet to
cold or offline wallet allowed the company to prevent a bigger theft.Local investors have claimed that
Bithumb was aware of the hacking attack since June 16 and its security team and developers tried
to prevent the breach from affecting its wallet. Several hacking attempts have been made
throughout the past four days and after failing to cope with the attacks, Bithumb moved coins in its
hot wallet to cold wallet as a last resort.According to Chosun, a mainstream media outlet in South
Korea, local security experts have told the publication that hackers can breach into local

cryptocurrency exchanges with ease if they allocate sufficient resources to it.For many months,
throughout 2018, industry experts have encouraged local investors to rely on top cryptocurrency
exchanges to trade digital assets to ensure they do not fall victim to hacking attacks and lose
funds.However, in light of the recent Bithumb breach, investors have lost trust in local
cryptocurrency exchanges and the market, primarily because the Bithumb hack occurred merely
weeks after the $40 million hacking attack of CoinRail was disclosed.Not All Exchanges are
HackableWhile most experts in South Korea believe that all local cryptocurrency exchanges are
hackable and vulnerable to security breaches, there exists quite a few cryptocurrency trading
platforms that have operated more than five years with a clean record and no signs of
breach.Coinbase (US), Binance (Malta), Gemini (US), UPBit (South Korea), Korbit (South Korea),
Huobi (Hong Kong, Kraken (US), Bittrex (US), and BitMEX (Republic of Seychelles) remain as the
world’s leading digital asset trading platforms and yet, none of these exchanges have been
hacked.One synonymous quality amongst all of the abovementioned exchanges is that they allocate
a significant portion of their resources and capital in securing client funds and they all have pride in
their clean record.Previously, Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao and Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong
have emphasized their focus on security and their priority on keeping user funds safe. Fred Wilson,
a prominent venture capitalist and one of Coinbase’s early investors, said that Coinbase is world
class at security and trust.“If you look at what they are world-class at, it’s security, trust, safety … all
these things that, frankly, banks are good at,” said Wilson.Companies like Coinbase and bitFlyer
have also recently started a hiring spree of talents from the traditional finance sector, who specialize
in dealing with the most complex aspect of finance; custodianship, security, infrastructure-building,
and compliance.Bithumb, like Japan’s Coincheck, have struggled to find talented and experienced
security and finance experts to build up a strong executive and the consequence of that has been
three hacking attacks within a 12-month
period.https://www.ccn.com/3-hacks-in-12-months-the-reasons-behind-crypto-exchange-bithumbs-fa
ilings/

[2016-11-18]New Indian Mining Pool GBMiners Gains 3% of Network
Hashrate, ...

New Indian Mining Pool GBMiners Gains 3% of Network Hashrate, Views Bitcoin Unlimited
PositivelyRoughly three to four percent of Bitcoin’s overall hashrate is now pointed at a mining pool
in India, putting it in the top ten of mining pools in the world. This Indian mining pool, known as
GBMiners, recently received an undisclosed amount of funding from Amit Bhardwaj, who is also a
co-founder of the the new venture.The vast majority of mining hardware currently pointed at the
GBMiners mining pool is owned by Bhardwaj.Although other news outlets have reported GBMiners
is the largest bitcoin mining pool outside of China, both BitFury and Slushpool, which aren’t based in
China, still have a greater share of the overall network
hashrate.http://coinjournal.net/new-indian-mining-pool-gbminers-gains-3-of-network-hashrate-views-
bitcoin-unlimited-positively/

[2018-02-11]Iceland to use more energy mining bitcoin than powering its
homes

Iceland is expected to use more energy mining bitcoin than powering its homes this year.Large
virtual currency mining companies have established a base on the island, which has an abundance
of geothermal and hydroelectric power plants.And with massive amounts of energy needed to run
the computers that create bitcoins, it is seen as an ideal base.Johann Snorri Sigurbergsson,
business development manager at the energy company Hitaveita Sudurnesja, said he expected
Iceland’s virtual currency mining to double its energy consumption to around 100 megawatts this
year.That is more than households use on the island nation of 340,000, according to Iceland’s

National Energy
Authority.http://metro.co.uk/2018/02/11/iceland-use-energy-mining-bitcoin-powering-homes-year-73
04155/

[2020-04-02] Rich Dad Poor Dad Author Calls Bitcoin People’s Money

I support his classification of bitcoins as the people's money. However, the skeptical me is telling
myself that he might have begun buying and might only use bitcoin as a speculative investment
similar to the loudest influencers in the cryptospace. Robert Kiyosaki, a bestselling author of popular
financial literacy book, Rich Dad Poor Dad, is the latest to weigh in on the topic as he encouraged
his followers on Twitter to save their money via Bitcoin instead of fiats currencies.Kiyosaki who
recently started a series of financial lessons on how people can stay free from a financial crisis
made this known today while describing Bitcoin, the most valuable cryptocurrency as the “People’s
money.” Read in full https://coinfomania.com/robert-kiyosaki-calls-bitcoin-peoples-money/

[2018-02-11] Binance Vs. McAfee: Hack Rumors Controversy

Binance Vs. McAfee: Hack Rumors ControversyFor more than 24 hours, Binance, the world’s
largest cryptocurrency exchange, was down due to a server issue on Feb. 7. On Feb. 9, Binance
resumed trading after successfully rebooting its server.Binance hack rumors refutedJohn McAfee, a
security expert and a well-known public figure in the cryptocurrency space, continued to fuel
controversy around Binance and rumors of hacking attacks, showing screenshots that circulated on
various social media platforms.“I received dozens similar from a variety of sources. I'm not saying
there was a hack. I'm merely asking for clarification. If a hack did happen and we are not
immediately pursuing it, then the chances of recovery go to zero within 24 hours,” McAfee stated. In
response to McAfee’s statement, which referenced a photoshopped image of the Binance website,
the company’s CEO Changpeng Zhao stated:Immediately after McAfee released several statements
on the issue, the Binance team along with its CEO Changpeng Zhao refuted the rumors, stating that
Binance was not hacked. Binance went as far as to transfer funds from its cold wallet to hot wallet to
show that the exchange was not hacked.The Binance team also encouraged McAfee not to spread
false information and provided evidence that funds on the exchange are safe by publicly showing
the cryptocurrency wallet addresses of the exchange.Zhao added that the exchange did not
experience a hack, but an issue with its server and the team focused on recovering its data to
enable trading.Difference between hack and minor server issuesRecently, many cryptocurrency
exchanges and trading platforms were hacked. Coincheck experienced a $530 mln hacking attack
as reported by Cointelegraph and yesterday, the largest Nano (RaiBlocks) exchange BitGrail
experienced a security breach.The difference between a hacking attack and a minor server issue is
that with security breaches, anyone can verify the movement of absurdly large amounts of
cryptocurrencies from the cryptocurrency exchange’s wallets to external wallets, as seen in the case
of Coincheck.Hours before the Coincheck team admitted to a hacking attack, many members of the
cryptocurrency community released evidence that hundreds of millions of dollars worth of NEM were
moved from the wallet of Coincheck to external wallets.Thus, if there is no evidence that large sums
of funds in cryptocurrencies are transferred from the wallets of a cryptocurrency exchange to
external wallets, it is irresponsible to suggest the possibility of a hacking attack.On Feb. 11, Binance
CEO Changpeng Zhao released a personal statement on the recent Binance server issue and the
actions of McAfee.    “The real helper was Mr. Mcafee, posting an obviously fake image about us
being hacked. Everyone pitched in to help defend us. He united the community for us, and rallied
such support, during a time when we needed it the most. Sometimes, things that look negative are
actually positive.”Cryptocurrency exchanges have similar daily trading volumes as stock markets in
regions like South Korea. Trading platforms process billions of dollars on a daily basis. As such,
upon the occurrence of a hacking attack or a security breach, cryptocurrency exchanges often

contact the authorities and cooperate with law enforcement to investigate the attack, as Coincheck
did last month. Also, given the size of most major cryptocurrency exchanges, it is irresponsible to
suggest the possibility of hacking attacks or security breaches without hard evidence.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-vs-mcafee-hack-rumors-refuted-cryptocurrency-trading-resu
med

[2016-03-02] Ledger's TEE trustlet for smartphone bitcoin wallets released

As the world becomes more connected, smartphone adoption on the rise. The Mobile Economy
2015 report, by the GSM Association, states that Smartphone devices accounted for 60% of
connections in developed markets at the end of 2014, ranging from 51% in Europe to 70% in North
America.The popularity of mobile banking has risen alongside smartphone usage.  According to a
2015 survey by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 87 percent of the U.S. adult
population has a mobile phone and 52 percent of smartphone owners with a bank account have
used mobile banking in the 12 months prior to the
survey.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/ledgers-tee-trustlet-for-smartphone-bitcoin-wallets-released/

[2020-03-06] Bitcoin is 'digital gold,' says Finder co-founder

Cryptocurrency isn’t going anywhere — in fact it’s set to take a leap forward in coming years, says
tech entrepreneur and Finder.com Co-founder Fred Schebesta.“I'm a big believer in Bitcoin,” he
says. “I think it's like digital gold. I think it will last on and on and on.”In a newly released interview,
taped on March 2, Schebesta rejects pessimists who say cryptocurrency is a passing fad, noting
that the price of Bitcoin (BTC-USD) has remained stable of late.“Bitcoin's been called dead for 10
years now,” he says. “Seems to still be going. You know, I think the price is holding up pretty well
throughout this as well.”As of Thursday afternoon, the price of Bitcoin stood at $9,115, marking a
20.7% increase over the past three months, while the S&P 500 has fallen 3.5% over that period.
Bitcoin surged at the outset of this year despite coronavirus fears.“These geopolitical events
including coronavirus and geopolitical tensions really improve the use case,” Tom Lee, Fundstrat
Global Advisors managing partner, told Yahoo Finance’s YFi PM last
month.https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cryptocurrency-needs-five-years-cook-says-findercom-cofou
nder-141238770.html

[2017-11-04] Turkish Central Bank President: “Cryptocurrencies May
Contribute to

Turkish Central Bank President: “Cryptocurrencies May Contribute to Financial Stability”Bitcoin is
trending in Turkey, and the country’s central bank officials are starting to notice. This week President
Murat Cetinkaya of the Central Bank of Turkey (CBRT) said the financial institution is monitoring
bitcoin closely, and spoke optimistically about digital currencies.Central Bank of Turkey President
Says Cryptocurrencies Could Contribute to Financial StabilityTurkish Central Bank President:
"Cryptocurrencies May Contribute to Financial Stability"According to local news outlets in Istanbul,
the president of the Turkish central bank, the CBRT, said officials from the region are researching
cryptocurrencies. Murat Cetinkaya explains that the CBRT has formed a research group consisting
of digital asset market participants, Turkish government officials, and regulators. The country’s
banking regulator has explained current financial law does not apply to bitcoin, but has cautioned
Turkish citizens against using the currency. Now in a more positive light, president Cetinkaya says
cryptocurrencies like bitcoin could “contribute to financial stability.”  President Erdogan and Turkey’s
Failing Economic Policy Sparked Bitcoin Interest Last YearThe bitcoin economy in Turkey is growing
according to many different sources. For instance, the country has a Turkish Lira-Bitcoin exchange,

BTCTurk, and other infrastructure providers such as Payza, and Bitwala. Residents living near the
Istanbul Ataturk Airport can also utilize the country’s bitcoin ATM as well. Additionally, according to
Google Trends statistics, Turkey’s interest in bitcoin continues to rise every month.Bitcoin demand in
Turkey started gathering steam back in 2016 when the Turkish Lira had lost considerable
purchasing power that year. At the time, president Erdogan tried to convince citizens to convert their
foreign currencies back into the Lira.Turkish Central Bank President: "Cryptocurrencies May
Contribute to Financial Stability"Turkish residents haven’t seen ‘financial stability’ in a long time. The
central bank and president Erdogan’s failed economic policies have caused numerous cash
shortages.Turkish Economist: “There Is Serious Bitcoin Research Happening in Turkey”Now bitcoin
is seeing a lot more traction, as just last month the Miavita Beytepe apartment complex in Ankara,
Turkey announced it will be selling luxury apartments for bitcoin. In addition to a few cryptocurrency
exchange options, over-the-counter activity on Turkey’s Localbitcoins platform has grown
exponentially. Following the statements from president Cetinkaya revealing information on the
CBRT’s cryptocurrency researchers, the economist, and director of IS Investment International
Markets, Shant Manukyan, confirmed the bank’s current investigation, stating:       "There is serious
bitcoin research happening in Turkey."Like the many other central banks worldwide, the CBRT is
admitting that policymakers are heavily examining cryptocurrencies. Cetinkaya’s statements,
revealing the bank’s crypto-research group and saying the technology may be able to provide
financial stability, is a good sign for bitcoin proponents located in
Turkey.https://news.bitcoin.com/turkish-central-bank-president-cryptocurrencies-may-contribute-to-fi
nancial-stability/

[2016-01-05] Fidelity Drops Long Time Partners to Bring in Bitcoin
Competitors

Fidelity Moves into the FinTech Age With New PartnershipFidelityFidelity is ending its partnership
with credit card company American Express and the Bank of America Corporation, “a 12-year
partnership that has generated billions of dollars in fees,” according to Reuters. This is another blow
in a series of setbacks for American Express, which recently lost its partnership with Costco
Wholesale Corporation. According to Reuters, American Express reported that the loss of the
Costco partnership would hurt the credit card company’s profits for two years. Now, losing its deal
with Fidelity, American Express’ future looks even more bleak. However, an American Express
sokesperson claimed that Fidelity accounted for less than 1 percent of billings, hinting that the loss
might not be so devastating. Furthermore, a spokesperson from Bank of America said that the
termination of the partnership was a mutual
decision.http://bitcoinist.net/fidelity-drops-long-time-partners-to-bring-in-bitcoin-competitors/

[2018-02-11] U.S. Lawmaker Wants Ethics Committee to Form Bitcoin
Disclosure Gui

U.S. Lawmaker Wants Ethics Committee to Form Bitcoin Disclosure GuidelinesThis week Colorado
House Representative Jared Polis sent a letter to the U.S. House Committee on Ethics asking the
organization to propose statutes that require government employees to declare their bitcoin and
digital currency holdings.House Representative Jared Polis: ‘Government Employees Should Report
Any Virtual Currency Holdings’U.S. Lawmaker Wants Ethics Committee to Form Bitcoin Disclosure
GuidelinesU.S. bureaucrats are ramping up efforts to try and regulate the decentralized currency
bitcoin and the slew of other cryptocurrencies that exist. On February 5, the House Representative
Jared Polis who is known as “bitcoin-friendly,” submitted a request that urges the House Committee
on Ethics (HCE) to provide guidance on how politicians can disclose their digital asset holdings.
Polis states that in a lot of U.S. territories digital assets are defined as securities or commodities,
and U.S. politicians are already required to declare traditional assets. Polis says it is “critical” that

the HCE provide this type of guidance to government employees.“Members of Congress and
covered employees are already required to report certain asset holdings over certain amounts,
including reporting any commodities holding over $1,000,” Polis argues in his petition to the
HCE.source:
https://news.bitcoin.com/u-s-lawmaker-wants-ethics-committee-to-form-bitcoin-disclosure-guidelines
/

[2016-02-29] Run Free Bitcoin Classic Node with Google

For those digital currency enthusiasts who want to create a Bitcoin Node, but not run it at home,
Google may have the solution for you. In fact, the search engine giant is running a promotion where
users can get US#300 worth of credit for Google Compute Engine completely free of charge. This
credit is valid for a sixty day period, which opens up interesting opportunities.Similar to the services
provided by Amazon Web Services, Google Compute Engine lets users run a virtual server where
they can install just about any application and use it. Renting this computer power is relatively
cheap, even though electricity and maintenance fees are included in the hourly price.Due to this
Google Compute Engine promotion, users can get US$300 worth of credit, which can go a long way
depending on how it is spent. Bitcoin enthusiasts might make use of this opportunity to run a Bitcoin
Node on this platform, as the credit should cover operating expenses for the full 60-day period.Many
people have been experimenting with running a Bitcoin Classic node on the network, which would
explain why the numbers keep going up. At the same time, it seems like there is a wave of DDoS
attacks against Bitcoin Classic nodes taking place right now, which makes users anxious to run this
type of solution on their home computer.Setting up a Google Compute Engine instance is not all that
difficult, as 70-80GB of hard drive space and a shared CPU will go a long way. Throw in some
decent memory – about 2GB of RAM will do the trick – and users will be up and running with their
Bitcoin Classic node in no
time.https://bitcoininthenews.com/?q=Run-Free-Bitcoin-Classic-Node-with-Google

[2016-05-11]Blockchain Platform Fluent Raises $1.65m in Seed Fund

Blockchain Platform Fluent Raises $1.65m in Seed FundNot too many people had heard about
Fluent before today, although the US-based startup has been focusing on blockchain technology.
Despite flying under the radar for quite some time, the company has managed to raise an additional
US$1.65m in funding, thanks to the involvement of various investors, including Digital Currency
Group and Draper Associates...read more

[2016-11-14] Bitcoin’s Calm before a Storm?

The Bitcoin market is relatively unchanged from yesterday.  A bit higher but nothing remarkable. 
Here is the 8-hour chart we looked at yesterday:As we can see, the 2nd arc of the pair provided
support, but the top of the square has been solid resistance.  This leads us to the recurring question
traders ask all the time”  Which will give first? Resistance or Support?Read More:
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoins-quiet-storm/

[2016-02-29]‘Bitcoin Always Needed More Than One Body of Developers’:
An Intervi

‘Bitcoin Always Needed More Than One Body of Developers’: An Interview With Libbitcoin’s Eric
VoskuilLaunched in 2011 by an ensemble of dedicated open-source developers led by Bitcoin’s

rebellious hacker Amir Taaki, Libbitcoin was born a tool of resistance. Offering an alternative to the
original Bitcoin client, its goal was to diversify the Bitcoin development ecosystem, ensuring no
single development team retained effective control over the network. “Centralized software is
vulnerable to the dictates of whoever controls development of that software code, and any dictates
pressured onto them,” Taaki’s Libbitcoin manifesto
reads.https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/bitcoin-always-needed-more-than-one-body-of-developer
s-an-interview-with-libbitcoin-s-eric-voskuil-1456762744

[2016-11-13] Will Trump’s Presidency Spell Good News for Bitcoin?

The election of Donald Trump as the next president of the United States has evoked few mixed
feelings among the population, but will he be good for Bitcoin?Will Bitcoin emerge as a winner in the
United States following the election of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States? A
significant number of US residents are not happy with the outcome of the recent elections which has
created an uncertainty in the market, in turn, reducing the confidence among traders and investors.
However, Bitcoin has emerged as a winner in this scenario.Read More:
http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/11/13/bitcoin-trump-presidency/

[2015-01-05]Bitcoin Price Watch; Let’s Get Trading!

Bitcoin Price Watch; Let’s Get Trading!Its been a few days since we reported on our bitcoin price
intraday technical analysis strategy, and while the holiday season (plus new year) has disrupted our
trading a little bit, things are now back on track for a profitable 2016. Additionally, the pause
in...Continue to read:http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/01/05/bitcoin-price-watch-lets-get-trading/

[2018-02-07] Forbes Publishes ‘First-Ever’ Richest People In
Cryptocurrency List

Forbes, known for its “World’s Billionaires List”, published a list of the richest people in
cryptocurrency for the first time, Tuesday Feb. 6.The goal of publishing such a list, according to
Forbes Editor Randall Lane, is to“[provide] a snapshot of a pivotal moment, part of the transparency
needed to pull crypto away from its provenance as the favorite currency of drug dealers and into the
adolescence of a legitimate asset class.”While compiling a list of the world’s traditional billionaires is
a relatively straightforward task, calculating the exact amount of wealth of the world’s richest crypto
tycoons is more difficult.Cryptocurrencies are by definition a decentralized, encrypted payment
system that began outside of the traditional global financial system. The “newly minted crypto rich,”
as described by Forbes staff writer Jeff Kauflin, “live in a strange milieu that blends paranoid secrecy
with ostentatious display.”The Forbes “Richest People in Cryptocurrency” list is broken up into five
categories: “idealists, builders, opportunists, infrastructure players and establishment investors.” In
order to make the Forbes list, one must have accrued over $350 million.Instead of static numbers,
the net worths of the people on the list are listed in ranges, calculated based on the “estimated
holdings of cryptocurrencies (a few provided proof), post-tax profits from trading crypto-assets and
stakes in crypto-related businesses.”Forbes acknowledges that they could have left some people off
the list and that their estimates may be “wide of the mark.”The list contains 19 people. One can click
on each member of the list on Forbes’s website in order to see a short bio and an estimated crypto
net worth.Other data was published along with the list, like the average age of crypto’s richest
compared to the age of Forbes 400 wealthiest Americans (42 vs. 67), and the average daily price
volatility in January 2018 for Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), and Ripple (XRP) compared to Apple,
Proctor & Gamble, and gold.When creating the list, Lane spoke with Joe Lubin, the founder of
Consensys, about other crypto tycoons’ potential concerns about releasing such data. Lubin, who

Lane referred to as the “statesman of cryptocurrency”, said that he and his peers weren’t looking for
public attention. Lubin also questioned how Forbes could arrive at any accurate numbers, and
brought up the issues of potentially targeting these people for theft. However, Lane adds that Lubin
and his “crypto elite” peers did recognize the list’s importance.Kauflin writes that Forbes,“firmly
believe we made the world a better place by shining a light on the invisible rich. Just as crypto has
evolved from the days of the Silk Road drug site and the Mt. Gox digital hijacking, fortunes of this
magnitude should never be allowed to lurk in the shadows.”CryptoWeekly, a cryptocurrency
newsletter, released a comparable list of the top 100 most influential people in the crypto
community. Their list is factored not by net worth, but by the research and technological
contributions a person has made in the world of crypto.Among those who were left out of Forbes’
richest in crypto rankings, but included in the CryptoWeekly influential list, are important crypto
players like Litecoin founder Charlie Lee, Bitcoin investor Roger Ver, and crypto pioneer Nick Szabo,
among
others.https://cointelegraph.com/news/forbes-publishes-first-ever-richest-people-in-cryptocurrency-li
st

[2016-07-23] Venezuela’s Biggest Bitcoin Exchange Resumes Operations

Surbitcoin, the biggest Bitcoin exchange in Venezuela has resumed normal operations. On July 14th
the exchange managed to unfreeze one of its fiat bank accounts and reestablish its API integration
with Banesco (the biggest financial entity in Venezuela).
http://themerkle.com/venezuelas-biggest-bitcoin-exchange-resumes-operations/

[2016-01-05] Could Mike Tyson's bitcoin wallet be a contender

 Could Mike Tyson's bitcoin wallet be a contenderFormer boxing champ Mike Tyson is taking his
interest in the bitcoin market a step further with the launch of a digital "wallet" for the digital currency
bitcoin.Last year Tyson used his fame to sponsor an ATM that allows users to convert real-world
cash into the digital
currency.http://www.cnbc.com/2016/01/05/could-mike-tysons-bitcoin-wallet-be-a-contender.html

[2016-11-09] The Trump Train Goes to Washington; Three Ways Trump
Helps Bitcoin

As I went over in an Op-Ed on Sunday, Hillary Clinton could not be allowed to become President of
the United States. Call me crazy, but the world does not need openly corrupt, lying, World War
3-threatening politicians controlling Washington.Donald Trump wanted to “drain the swamp” and he
is a man who gets things done, starting at the head of state. He’s already done more in one night
than President Obama has done in eight years. Thank you America, for joining me and the rest of
the liberty movement on the right side of history.Ok, enough about me being so right all the
time…..what does this mean for Bitcoin? I’m going to give you three fast ways Trump helps Bitcoin
and provides Bitcoin a much better future than the corrupt alternative.Read more:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/the-trump-train-goes-to-washington-three-ways-trump-helps-bitcoin

[2017-10-31] Happy birthday, Bitcoin!

Satoshi Nakamoto, still anonymous after all these years, posted the document outlining what he
called “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System”, 9 years ago. Since then, a first blockchain
database was created, then Bitcoin appeared. Back then, it was a thing only coders and geeks

talked about, and much more people considered it to be a fraud or a Ponzi scheme. Little did they
know that this technology will only increase in difficulty and price.After time, it became apparent that
computer CPUs are not as efficient for mining as GPUs - video chips used for 3D rendering (e.g. in
computer games). More GPUs combined meant more mining efficiency, and the rush for mining has
created vast mining farms.Blockchain technology, the base of Bitcoin, has proved its value to
various financial institutions after the first experiments it became clear that this structure greatly
improves the speed of transactions and minimizes fraud risks if applied correctly. Since 2008,
blockchain has become...Read more

[2017-10-27]Bitcoin Core Developers Will Take Measures To Protect User
Facilitie

Team behind Bitcoin Core plans to take measures to protect users' funds from attacks such as B2X
(SegWit2x). This is written by Reddit user.As noted, the attack of B2X is based on the fact that
bitcoin software wallets perceives hardfork SegWit2X as a valid chain. The developers of B2X
intentionally removed protection from replaying transactions. They modified in such a way as to
simulate signals from Bitcoin Core nodes...Read more
https://bit.news/eng/bitcoin-core-developers-will-take-measures-o-protect-user-facilities-from-the-seg
wit2x/

[2018-02-07] Phony PBOC Email Sent to U.S. Media Aimed to Manipulate
BTC Price

According to reports on Tuesday, a large quantity of U.S. media outlets were sent an email from an
individual claiming to be a representative of the People’s Bank of China (PBOC). The message
contained a phony invitation to a press conference between the media, the PBOC, and the Hong
Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) and said it would “crack down” on all aspects of bitcoin services
between mainland China and Hong Kong.Interestingly enough there were only a few U.S. media
outlets and blog sites that reported on this email. The cryptocurrency focused blogs Coin Idol and
Coin Speaker, plus a few random people on Twitter, disclosed the ‘breaking news’ to the public.
Then, the following day on February 7 the regional news publication the South China Morning Post
(SCMP) revealed the email sent to the press was “bogus.” SCMP reports that the Hefei branch
official’s email was compromised and he had no idea these emails were being sent to news
publications and journalists.Read more about this story here >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/phony-pboc-email-sent-to-u-s-media-aimed-to-manipulate-btc-price/

[2019-10-31] You Can Now Trade Binance Bitcoin Futures On Android App

Moreover, Binance announced that it would also make futures trading on iOS available too in the
near future.https://bitcoinist.com/you-can-now-trade-binance-bitcoin-futures-on-android-app/

[2017-11-02] Bitcoin does not seem to stop growing and reaches $7000

As the statistics data from Coinmarketcap shows, Bitcoin has briefly become worth $7000 per coin,
which makes it a new record. All signs show that the optimistic market sentiment we have seen in
the late summer has fully resumed. The reaction of social networks is very hopeful, as many think
that now it would be much more difficult for financial conservatives to ignore the market.But the sad
truth is that this current trend will not change the sentiment of the greatest Bitcoin skeptics. What will
really change it is the increased security in future protocol updates of this cryptocurrency.Previously,

Bitcoin has reached $6000 and $6500 in a very short period of time, and there is no certainty when
will it ever pause. SegWit2x hard fork might become the factor, as many see a great market division
with...Read more

[2017-06-27] Pakistani Economic Think-Tank Argues That Pakistani
Monetary Policy

Pakistani Economic Think-Tank Argues That Pakistani Monetary Policy Should Mimic BitcoinThe
Policy Research Institute of Market Economy in Pakistan has outlined a number of economic issues
that could be alleviated by greater adoptions of bitcoin and other virtual currencies within Pakistan.
The institute cites a large underbanked population, underdeveloped financial apparatus, and
rampant inflation as major economic and social problems that could be addressed by bitcoin and
other virtual currencies.Source

[2016-07-21] Forum for Strategic Initiatives in Moscow debates
cryptography and 

Forum for Strategic Initiatives in Moscow debates cryptography and blockchainThe meeting at the
VDNKh Exhibition Centre brought together hundreds of academics, industry experts and officials to
discuss the implementation of new technologies in
Russia.http://www.coinfox.info/news/5976-na-forume-strategicheskikh-initsiativ-obsuzhdayut-kriptogr
afiyu-i-blokchejn-2

[2016-01-04] Use Coinimal to directly spend your Bitcoins on Amazon.de

https://www.coinimal.com/news/2016/use-coinimal-to-directly-spend-your-bitcoins-on-amazon-de/Vi
enna based crypto broker Coinimal is launching a new service to allow customers to spend their
bitcoins at Amazon.de – with no fees!

[2016-05-10] The new Mycelium wallet is integrating fiat currencies, debit
cards

Mycelium provides one of the oldest, most popular, and feature-rich bitcoin wallets on offer.The
company's latest estimate is close to 200,000 active wallet users, with over 157,570 installs from
Google Play, and about 150,000 more from alternative platforms in China.One thing that makes this
dark-themed wallet stand out from the crowd is simplicity and security. Bitcoin private keys never
leave the user's control, unlike popular competing apps from Coinbase and
Circle.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/the-new-mycelium-wallet-is-integrating-fiat-currencies-debit-ca
rds-personal-finance-and-more

[2019-09-23] CEO of largest alternative investment firm vows not to buy
bitcoin

I shake my head that as a CEO of the world's largest alternative investment firm, Stephen
Scharzman does not understand bitcoin after all the years. He might be hiring the wrong advisors
hehe.In any case, this might be good because it might be a sign that it is the beginning of a
blockchain season that might begin another altcoin season hehehehe.The billionaire CEO of
alternative investment firm Blackstone says he loves blockchain, but will never invest in

Bitcoin.Stephen Schwarzman tells Fortune he’s not interested in Bitcoin or crypto assets, saying he
doesn’t know why they’re necessary.Schwarzman says he doesn’t get why anyone would want or
need a currency that’s not controlled by governments and banks, and he’s concerned about
Bitcoin’s use among criminals.As for blockchain as a whole, Schwarzman says he’s a believer in the
technology and expects his firm will invest in many blockchain-related projects.“There’s all kinds of
uses you can have from certain executions. [Blockchain technology] is a very good idea, and it will
end up being adopted because it’s good technology. Applying it to the creation of money is sort of,
for my taste, pretty odd.”Blackstone has been under Schwarzman’s leadership since it was founded
in 1985.As the world’s largest alternative investment firm, it has over 800 subsidiaries around the
world, according to an SEC list dated December of 2017. It now has $472 billion in assets under
management, operating out of New York and specializing in private equity, credit and hedge fund
investment strategies.Read in full
https://dailyhodl.com/2019/09/22/ceo-of-worlds-largest-alternative-investment-firm-vows-never-to-bu
y-bitcoin/

[2018-02-06] Time To Buy a Mining Machine? 50% Off Now in China

Bitcoin plunged for a fifth day, dropping below $7000 for the first time since November and leading
the crypto market weaker. The biggest cryptocurrency sank as much as $1800 by over 18% within a
day to $6600, according to Bitstamp pricing. As of Monday, it has wiped off more than 60% of its
value from a record high nearly $20,000 last December.According to Sina Tech, mining machine
vendors in Huaqiang North Commercial Area (HNCA), Shenzhen, Guangdong, the world’s largest
mining machines hub, are suffering from it. Previously high-priced mining machines are on
clearance sales at the sound of bitcoin diving.Antminer A3 for sale on January 17, 2018 with the
factory price of 20,800 yuan is limited to 6,000 units both at home and abroad. The surging of bitcoin
was creating a growing market for mining machines. In a visit to SEG Plaza in Huaqiang North two
weeks ago on Jan.24 when mining machines were in short supply, an A3 was priced highly at
40,000 yuan.Russian buyer’s quick buy and urgent
sell...http://news.8btc.com/mining-machines-on-50-off-sale-in-china-as-bitcoin-dive-below-7000

[2017-11-01] Bloomberg: Bitcoin Growing Up as Futures Open Floodgates
to Wall St

Bitcoin Growing Up as Futures Open Floodgates to Wall StreetBitcoin is going legit, for better or
worse.The digital currency that JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Jamie Dimon called a fraud is set to step
into the mainstream of finance now that CME Group Inc. has announced it will introduce trading in
bitcoin futures by the end of the year. The move by the world’s largest exchange owner will up the
game for the software-created asset and finally bring it some regulatory cover.Just a month ago, a
top CME Group executive said he didn’t foresee listing bitcoin futures any time soon. Chief
Executive Officer Terrence Duffy cited pent-up client demand as a key reason for the reversal.
Bitcoin climbed to a record high after the news went out Tuesday -- and is up more than 550 percent
this year.“A fully regulated derivatives market is opening the floodgates of institutional demand,” said
Spencer Bogart, head of research at Blockchain Capital, a San Francisco-based venture capital
firm. And for Wall Street, bitcoin is attractive. “It’s volatile, it trades 24/7 and the markets are
inefficient so they provide nice arbitrage opportunities.”At the moment, a startup, LedgerX, is trading
bitcoin swaps and options, and Cboe Global Markets Inc. is planning a futures contract by year-end
or early 2018, once it gets approval from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. CME will
also need an OK from the CFTC.With the availability of futures contracts, it will be easier to sell
bitcoin short, betting on declines. Liquidity will increase with high-frequency traders acting as market
makers allowed to pursue neutral strategies, ending the day even.A functioning derivatives market
could also give professional traders and investors access to bitcoin without having to deal on

unfamiliar venues that may be risky in terms of anti-money laundering and know-your-customer
rules. It will allow traders to hedge cash positions in the digital money, which to date has been
difficult to do.Cautious Banks“This is big news. As a proxy, gold derivatives markets are much larger
than gold markets. The same could happen here,” said Kyle Samani, managing partner of
cryptocurrency hedge fund Multicoin Capital. “Overall, this is a big deal for crypto."Wall Street banks
have generally been cautious. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. CEO Lloyd Blankfein has said the
company is open to finding to ways to get involved with the new technology, while Citigroup Inc.
Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach said his team is taking an “intense” look at cryptocurrencies
and the blockchain technology that underlies them. Dimon, JPMorgan’s CEO, has been among the
most outspoken, saying in September that he would fire any employee trading in bitcoin for being
“stupid.” A month later, though, JPMorgan CFO Marianne Lake said the bank was “very open
minded to the potential use cases in the future for digital currencies that are properly controlled and
regulated.”CME will face challenges to win over some investors. If the underlying pricing is unsound,
that could steer people away, said Mark Williams, a finance lecturer at Boston University’s Questrom
School of Business.‘Very Complex Asset’“The concern is that CME will attempt to treat bitcoin like a
corn or wheat future, when this commodity is in a highly risky class of its own,” Williams said. “One
of the major spots to buy and sell bitcoin are through unregulated bucket-shop exchanges located
outside of the reach of U.S. regulators.”He noted that since 2009, almost half of these types of
exchanges -- including Mt. Gox, once the largest bitcoin market -- have gone bust. “CME has no
other commodity future that looks like or behaves like bitcoin. To me this means trouble.” Jon West,
head trader at digital-asset brokerage Omega One, said the amount of daily margin CME will require
will be key. If it’s too high, “then it’s not very useful for hedging because you need to have so much
money in your account,” he said. CME should take it slow as it designs its contract, he said. “It’s a
very complex asset with a lot going on.”The CME contract will settle in cash and use a daily price
from the CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate, which is supported by digital exchanges Bitstamp, GDAX,
itBit and Kraken.CME’s Duffy said on Bloomberg Television that his exchange’s futures contract
should put skeptics at ease. “Bitcoin trading at CME will have an instant audit trail to the government
regulator,” he said “That’s what the difference is between our offering and the way it is today.”
Traders can’t “circumvent those procedures under our model.”And CME will bring the cryptocurrency
into the big league. “Institutions need derivatives and benchmarks to trade and hedge in order to
take bitcoin to the next level,” said John Spallanzani, chief macro strategist at GFI Securities LLC in
New York. “It doesn’t make bitcoin trading less risky but the ability to hedge that risk is big.”In the
race for first to offer bitcoin derivatives, both CME and Cboe lost out to LedgerX, which won CFTC
approval to offer swaps and options on bitcoin and began trading earlier this month. Volumes have
been light so far. On Tuesday, 103 bitcoin swaps traded on LedgerX, while nine options contracts
changed hands, according to the exchange. The LedgerX options trades are physically delivered,
giving investors who hold a contract to maturity the ability to own bitcoin outright.Ari Paul, a
co-founder of Blocktower Capital, said LedgerX is starting out slowly on purpose. “DRW is a market
maker there,” Paul said. “There’s pretty low volume. A million dollars a day. I do expect them to have
a lot of volume very soon. They are intelligently ramping up.”Many investors can’t maintain
ownership of bitcoin now -- what’s known as custody -- “either for regulatory reasons or because it’s
scary and hard,” Paul said. But in a regulated market like futures, that doesn’t become an issue.
“The ability to easily short allows for market-neutral strategies and makes high-frequency trading
much easier. That draws a lot of attention from hedge funds and the traditional finance
world.”Gadfly: Bitcoin’s push into the mainstreamThe creation of bitcoin futures could make it easier
to create an exchange-traded fund based on the digital asset. The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission in March rejected a bitcoin ETF proposed by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss --
co-creators of the Gemini exchange -- saying necessary surveillance-sharing agreements were too
difficult given that “significant markets for bitcoin are unregulated.”CME is a giant in trading, with
products including futures on the S&P 500, oil and gold and customer connections all around the
world. Under Duffy’s leadership, it has pulled back from business interests that didn’t align with its
historic role as a futures powerhouse, such as shutting down its European operations and exiting
credit-default swap clearing. Its earlier resistance to bitcoin futures was seen as aligned with Duffy’s

vision of keeping the company’s focus on what it has always done well.“I’m a little concerned about
the fact that both of those futures contracts are cash settled,” said Garrett See, CEO of DV Chain, a
sister company of DV Trading, which trades cryptocurrencies. The Cboe contract will be settled
using auctions on the Gemini exchange.See said there has not been a lot of volume in those
auctions, raising the question of what will happens if an auction fails, or there’s not enough volume
to keep it from being manipulated.“I’m really excited to see derivatives come into the space,” See
said. “I see it as a great step, but in an ideal world I’d really like to see physical delivery” in
futures.For all the potential downsides, the benefit of increased regulation can’t be overstated,
Omega One’s West said. “Futures trading should deter some black-market business and push it into
more regulated places.”Source:
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-10-31/bitcoin-growing-up-as-futures-open-floodgate
s-to-wall-street

[2017-06-24] Chinese City Launches Blockchain-Based Public Services
Program

Chinese City Launches Blockchain-Based Public Services
Programhttps://dcebrief.com/chinese-city-launches-blockchain-based-public-services-program/

[2018-02-05]All Eyes on Tether Amid Crypto Pull Back

Tether is under the spotlight amid a massive pullback in the cryptocurrency market.The top 50
cryptocurrencies saw massive price corrections last week, coming to a head on Feb. 2. The total
market capitalization dropped to just over $400 bln at the time of writing- amid massive uncertainty
across the board.  Almost overshadowed, but not forgotten, is the news that Bitfinex along with
Tether received subpoenas from US regulators in December, who have had their eyes on the
exchange and cryptocurrency.This in itself is understandable, but industry experts have raised
concerns over the last few months in relation to the increase in supply of Tether which correlated
with rallies in the market. Bitfinex, which is the largest exchange in the world, threatened legal action
to parties that had accused the exchange of misconduct.The reason for the allegation is quite
predictable. Bitfinex issues Tether tokens which are issued for US dollars on a 1:1 ratio.  In simple
terms, Bitfinex were accused of not having 1:1 reserves of dollars to issued Tether tokens.read more
https://cointelegraph.com/news/all-eyes-on-tether-amid-crypto-pull-back

[2016-11-09] Why Did Bitcoin Surge on Election Night?

'Investors went long bitcoin in case of a Trump victory and a corresponding sell-off in the equity
markets'Bitcoin’s price went up over $30 last night as it became clear that Donald Trump would be
elected as the next president of the United States. It’s a result the markets hadn’t expected, and the
markets don’t like surprises. “Last night, Dow futures plummeted,” Perianne Boring, founder and
president of the Chamber of Digital Commerce, wrote the Observer in an email, referring to markets
for instruments based on upcoming prices in the market, which can be traded when markets are
closed. They dropped as much as 750 points. “In the first hour of trading today, the market is
experiencing significant index swings, but seems to be leveling off.”Read more:
http://observer.com/2016/11/bitcoin-election-night/

[2018-02-05] NFL Players are interested in Tackling Bitcoin

NFL PLAYERS INTERESTED IN TACKLING BITCOIN, SECURING FUTURES WITH

CRYPTOCURRENCYBitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are on the tips of many people’s tongues
these days, and now professional athletes in the National Football League are looking to get in on
the action.PRO BOWL BITCOINISTThe future is always uncertain, even for highly paid professional
athletes. With Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies becoming more mainstream, NFL players are
starting to get involved.One player leading the charge among his professional colleagues is the
Seattle Seahawks’ cornerback and four-time Pro Bowler Richard Sherman, who began accepting
Bitcoin – which he calls “the currency of the future” – as a method of payment for his official
merchandise in 2014.Sherman claims a lot of NFL players are discussing Bitcoin these days, telling
CNBC that ever since the dominant cryptocurrency shot up to $19,000, “it has been common
conversation for a lot of us.”The prolific cornerback is currently nursing an injury to his Achilles
tendon and has used the time to study up on the whole cryptocurrency market. He’s happily
invested in Bitcoin (BTC), Litecoin (LTC) and Ethereum (ETH), as well as zero-fee cryptocurrency
exchange Cobinhood (COB).PROTECTING THEIR FUTURESIt might come as a surprise to some,
but one in every six National Football League players files for bankruptcy roughly a decade after
leaving the sport.“None of us really grew up with … financial literacy,” Sherman explained to CNBC,
adding, “a lot of [players] have been taken advantage of by financial advisers.”Bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies offer another investment opportunity to NFL players looking to get in on an
emerging market – though it’s not without its risk. “There are a ton of different coins,” Sherman says,
while explaining that the sheer number of cryptocurrencies available is enough to overwhelm even
seasoned investors.Still, he’s happy to talk crypto with his teammates and colleagues. However,
Sherman knows he isn’t a financial advisor, and thus refrains from giving them financial advice,
explaining:"You read up, you hear great things about some [coins], you hear terrible things about
others, they fluctuate throughout the day. It is such an unpredictable market."Despite the volatility,
Sherman is happily invested in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies – and he believes they are one
option to help NFL players diversify their investment portfolios and protect their wealth, telling
CNBC:"A lot of them have just been trying their best to become more educated on not only
cryptocurrencies, but just stocks and trading in general […] So people in my sport, in my field, are
definitely becoming more educated and trying to be more intelligent with how they play for the
money and understanding where their money is going."Hopefully, that means they’re buying the
dips.http://bitcoinist.com/nfl-players-interested-in-tackling-bitcoin-securing-futures-with-cryptocurrenc
y/

[2019-09-07] Bitcoin Trading is now Banned in Burundi

Not a day goes by without some intriguing development affecting the cryptocurrency industry.
African nations are often relatively quiet on this front. Although Bitcoin can make a positive impact
across that continent, not all governments want to give it a fair chance. That is unfortunate, but also
completely to be expected.Burundi Doesn’t Want CryptoIt is rather interesting to see how
governments still oppose Bitcoin and similar currencies in 2019. While crypto doesn’t have the best
reputation by any means, completely banning the trading of it will only have an adverse effect. In
Burundi, the government has officially banned all cryptocurrency trading this week, albeit it remains
to be seen if that countermeasure will prove to be even remotely successful.This decision comes
after some people in the country lost money while trading the various cryptocurrencies. There is no
word on which currencies they were, or if the people invested in fraudulent offerings. Even so, the
public demand for governmental intervention, and their decision is to get rid of all trading indefinitely.
Not a popular decision, but it was somewhat to be expected. Read More: Cryptocurrency trading
banned in burundi

[2017-10-31]  Vietnam's Central Bank Announces Ban on Bitcoin
Payments 

Vietnam's central bank is prohibiting the use of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in
payments.According to an Oct. 30 statement, the State Bank of Vietnam said that cryptocurrencies
are not a "lawful means of payment" in the country, and the "issuance, supply, use of bitcoin and
other similar virtual currency as a means of payment is prohibited."From next year, it goes on, illegal
use of cryptocurrencies in payments will be subject to penalties of between 150 million ($6,600) and
200 million ($8,800) Vietnamese dong
(VND).https://www.coindesk.com/vietnams-central-bank-announces-ban-on-bitcoin-payments/

[2016-02-25] Exchange Acquisition Consolidates Finland's Bitcoin Market

Exchange Acquisition Consolidates Finland's Bitcoin MarketFinland-based bitcoin broker Prasos has
acquired a local bitcoin exchange to add to its range of
services.http://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-broker-prasos-acquires-finnish-bitcoin-exchange/

[2016-05-09] Delaware governor formally unveils Blockchain Initiative

Delaware Governor Jack Markell announced last week the formal launch of the state’s Blockchain
Initiative.https://coinreport.net/delaware-governor-formally-unveils-blockchain-initiative/

[2016-01-04] CSU: fighting terrorism implies restrictions for bitcoin

CSU: fighting terrorism implies restrictions for bitcoinThe Christian Socialist Union (CSU), the
leading party in Bavaria, Germany, is going to issue a document titled “Effective struggle with
terrorism”, in which restrictions concerning bitcoin will be
demanded.http://www.coinfox.info/news/4298-csu-effective-struggle-with-terrorism-implies-restrictio
ns-for-bitcoin

[2019-08-14] Regulating Crypto Exchanges: Mind The Gaps

Coinfirm - recently published (the full report is available here ->
https://coinfirm-prod.objects.frb.io/assets/Coinfirm_Exchange_Report_March_2019_Public.pdf) the
results of a survey that showed only 14 percent of 216 global cryptocurrency exchanges are
licensed by regulators.  The low coverage may not surprise anyone when considering the frequency
of thefts, frauds and market manipulations that crypto exchanges in many jurisdictions disclose
publicly.  Source:
https://coinfirm-prod.objects.frb.io/assets/Coinfirm_Exchange_Report_March_2019_Public.pdfThe
statistic partly reflects the fact that regulators and supervisory bodies around the world are still
getting to grips with how to regulate cryptocurrencies (assets) and associated financial
intermediaries.  They face a number of challenges in their task:-> Leveraging financial innovation
while mitigating risks-> Status of cryptocurrencies unclear-> Fragmentation of U.S. regulatory
system-> Financial technology innovationDo you think that more exchanges will implement
regulations to be safer?Full article you can find here->
https://www.forbes.com/sites/gideonpell/2019/08/14/regulating-crypto-exchanges-mind-the-gaps/Coi
nfirm AMLT also rewards cryptocurrency community for reporting dangerous addresses->
https://amlt.coinfirm.com/The latest exchange to integrate AMLT token is Shortex, you can get
AMLT on Shortex here-> https://api.shortex.net/trading/amlteth

 [2018-02-03] Cointmint Earns Approval to take Over Smelter For Bitcoin

Mining.

On Tuesday, the 30th of January, Cloud mining service cointmint earned approval to take over an
abandoned smelter for Bitcoin mining.As local news channel WWNYTV reported Thursday, along
with local government documentation, lawmakers in the New York area voted in favor of
15-megawatt low-cost power for the North Country Data Center (NCDC).The business should
include investment costs of $ 165 million in the Coinmint infrastructure and the creation of 150 jobs
for Massena and the surrounding area.The state of New York was not known in the past for its
involvement or opening up to the extraction of cryptic frequencies, the title traditionally belonging to
the state of Washington with its cheap electricity. Read
More>>>>https://bitzamp.com/cointmint-earns-approval-to-take-over-smelter-for-bitcoin-mining/

[2016-11-07] UK regulator FCA testing Bitcoin remittances

London based blockchain remittance specialist Epiphyte will be working with the UK regulator, the
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), to test cryptocurrency. Epiphyte will be working within the FCA's
sandbox, exploring ways to provide cheaper and more efficient cross-border payment services using
blockchain systems such as Bitcoin.Under the sandbox testing, Epiphyte will be providing an
alternative clearing and settlement mechanism to banking systems such as SWIFT, according to a
statement.Read morehttp://www.ibtimes.co.uk/uk-regulator-fca-testing-bitcoin-remittances-1590270

[2016-11-06] China's Bitcoin Miners See Profit in a Bigger-Block
Blockchain

China's Bitcoin Miners See Profit in a Bigger-Block BlockchainIt was not entirely an idle joke when
one speaker at China's first miner conference quipped that if the audience decided to launch a 51%
attack against the bitcoin network, they would probably be able to pull it off. Over a foggy weekend,
around 250 people (the majority being miners gathered in Chengdu) filled a rather spacious
conference hall to its capacity for an event called China's Miners' Conference, a mostly promotional
event organized by major miner Bitmain. But, they came for more than the province's famous spicy
food.http://www.coindesk.com/china-miners-big-blocks/

[2016-07-19] Blocktrail is now a part of the Bitmain family

Joining forces with Bitmain is an important step forward for us, which will not only benefit you as our
wallet, API and block explorer user, but also enforces our collective goal as bitcoin users, to
continue the growth and advancement of the bitcoin ecosystem.Apart from being the leader in
bitcoin mining hardware with the Antminer series of bitcoin miners, Bitmain also operates Hashnest,
a cloud-mining platform, Antpool, one of the largest bitcoin mining pools, and BTC.COM, a block
explorer and technology platform which is the future host to Blocktrail services.Rest assured that
during this transition of Blocktrail services into BTC.com, all of our services will continue to function
as normal and no changes will be required on your side.Its been our pleasure to be your service
provider of choice as Blocktrail, and we are continuing our commitment of providing you the highest
level of bitcoin services under the BTC.com brand, together with the Bitmain family.Sincerely,The
Blocktrail Teamhttps://blog.blocktrail.com/2016/07/blocktrail-is-now-a-part-of-the-bitmain-family/

[2018-02-01] How cryptocurrency can impact the financial markets and
banks?

Bitcoin Garden: How cryptocurrency can impact the financial markets and
banks?https://bitcoingarden.org/cryptocurrency-can-impact-financial-markets-banks/Lately, there
have been a lot of discussions about cryptocurrencies impacting financial markets and banks.
Considering that cryptocurrency is impacting financial and investment sectors we have asked
cryptocurrency expert Alex Faliushin from CoinLoan how cryptocurrencies are impacting the
financial markets and banks? Q) As a professional in cryptocurrencies and blockchain, could you
briefly explain what is the current situation in the crypto market regarding coin prices going up and
down?AF) At the rise of the year prices at the cryptocurrency market began falling. Certain
currencies lost more than 40% of their value. This worried many market participants. However, if to
analyze the situation during the last three years, it is obvious that this reduction is temporary and
seasonal. After this, it will rise again reaching its new peak values. In 2017 a lot of new
cryptocurrencies have entered the market. This attracted many new players among individual
traders and investors so as VC funds all over the world. In our opinion, the cryptocurrency market
will continue developing, and the capitalization will increase. Regulators will begin normalizing
cryptocurrency trade. This will reduce volatility and will lead to a further increase in the number of
participants of the global cryptomarket on a long-term horizon.Q) How does cryptocurrency pricing
affect the crypto market regarding investments? Is it safe to invest in crypto now or is there some
risks?AF) We do not think that we have the right to give advice and recommendations on investing
into certain ICOs or cryptocurrencies, but we can give general recommendations. The seasonal
market fall is a good time for profitable investments for a term of 4-6 months. From our point of view
investing in cryptocurrency is still a very risky business. So it is important to diversify investments
and contribute to a portfolio of various assets. Not only BTC and ETH would be added there, but
also other cryptocurrencies with high growth potential. Remember our example with Ripple price?
We consider that an ICO with a reasonable token structure and value which grow during the project
development can show good profitability. We would recommend being cautious with those projects
which spend too much money on advertising and promotional activities. This means that they are
fund-raising–oriented, but not product-oriented. Result-oriented projects will not “burn” enormous
amounts of marketing funds for self-advertising....

[2016-02-25]Bitt Launches Barbados Dollar on Blockchain, Calls for Bitcoin
Unity

Bitt has launched a blockchain-based version of the Barbadian dollar, a new product that it believes
will help its service appeal to underbanked users in its home country.The announcement follows two
days of local engagement, including a private launch on Monday held at local restaurant Buzo
Osteria Italiana, and an international launch during a cruise on Tuesday that took place in
conjunction with the Financial Cryptography and Data Security 2016 conference in
Barbados.http://www.coindesk.com/bitt-launches-barbados-dollar-on-the-blockchain-calls-for-bitcoin
-unity/

[2017-10-30] Vietnam bans Bitcoin as payment for anything

The State Bank of Vietman has issued “Information related to the use of virtual currency” that bans
use of the cryptocurrency for payments.It won't say why, and doesn't explicitly ban mining or
blockchain.The Bank lists conventional payment mechanisms like cheques, payment orders and
credit cards as permitted, but then adds (after translation) that “Bitcoin virtual currency and other
similar is not lawful means of payment in Vietnam; The issuance, supply, use of bitcoin and other
similar virtual currency as a means of payment is prohibited in Vietnam.”Fines of around US$9,000
apply to those who accept or offer payments in virtual currencies.Why the Bank decided to make the
statement is unclear, but it's not hard to guess why: Vietnam's government is a little like China's in
that it permits private enterprise but remains a single-party communist state. Virtual currencies'

represent a threat to command economies that such regimes find hard to tolerate, as China's
shuttering of Bitcoin exchanges and Russia's attempts to do likewise demonstrate.The ban does
not, however, mention mining or exchange of virtual currencies, leaving open the possibility that
Vietnam will permit cryptocurrency-or-blockchain-related activity. So long as they're not used to buy
and sell stuff.Vietnam's trying to reform its economy, is already winning manufacturing work from
China and attracting considerable foreign investment. It's not hard to imagine blockchain making a
splash there, even if Bitcoin is banished from commerce.SOURCE:
https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/10/30/vietnam_bans_bitcoin_as_payment_for_anything/

[2016-07-19]  news.bitcoin.com-New Research Project ‘BitCluster’ Tracks
...

New Research Project ‘BitCluster’ Tracks Sloppy Bitcoin UsageBitCluster, unveiled at the NorthSec
2015 conference, may not be able to identify a person’s name and address. However, the
Python-based platform groups Bitcoin addresses together in a way that determines if certain
transactions came from the same source. These sources could be an exchange, marketplace,
business or an individual user. READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcluster-tracks-bitcoin-usage/

[2019-07-12] $2.28 Billion - Estimated loss caused by Crypto Crimes

I'm shocked to see that this much money has been lost due to crimes   in only 2 years...QuoteThe
South Korean Justice Ministry estimates that cryptocurrency-related crimes have caused 2.69 trillion
won (about $2.28 billion) of financial damage between July 2017 and June 2019.Continue reading
here: ArticleFor comparison,that's approximately 217k of BTC which is insane.I guess most of these
are concerning exchange hacks, which lead to the conclusion that crypto platforms should really
step up their game to reduce the losses...What do you think?

[2018-01-31] Major Japanese Chat App LINE To Open Crypto Exchange

Major Japanese Chat App LINE To Open Crypto Exchange For Its 200 Mln Monthly UsersMajor
Japanese social messaging app LINE has announced today, Jan. 31, that it is launching its own
crypto exchange and in-app trading space for its 200 million active monthly users.According to
LINE’s official statement today, their application to operate a new cryptocurrency exchange is
currently sitting before Japanese regulators.Japan began operating a licensing scheme for
cryptocurrency exchanges in 2017. The government has seen approved over twenty exchanges
joining what become a popular industry, involving several major corporations.In its official statement
LINE said it was establishing a new company, LINE Financial Corporation, to serve as a base to
“provide a variety of financial services, including a place to exchange and transact virtual currencies,
loans, and insurance.”The in-app cryptocurrency exchange will complement LINE’s existing in-app
mobile payment service, LINE Pay, which to date has around 40 million registered users.In addition,
the platform aims to “promote research and development of technologies such as blockchain,” but
did not specifically state how this would take shape.Following Japanese crypto exchange
Coincheck’s $530 mln heist last week, experts had warned that the image of cryptocurrency may be
dented in the public eye for the medium term, something which fresh involvement of well-known
brands like LINE could help alleviate.Japan has sought to distance itself from the more restrictive
stances on cryptocurrency usage taken by neighboring China and South Korea this year and last.
SOURCE LINK 

[2016-11-01] BitFury To Open The First Bitcoin ATMs In Georgia

Ephrem Urumashvili, CEO of BitFury Group has just reported the company’s plans to install two
Bitcoin ATMs in Georgia.According to his statement, BitFury plans to install one Bitcoin ATM at
Tbilisi airport, and the second in the city center. Read more:
https://coinidol.com/bitfury-to-open-the-first-bitcoin-atms-in-georgia/

[2017-03-01]Bitcoin Exchange Coinbase Stops Services in Hawaii Due to
“Untenable

Bitcoin Exchange Coinbase Stops Services in Hawaii Due to “Untenable” RegulationProminent
Bitcoin and Ethereum exchange and wallet Coinbase announced that it is forced to stop supporting
customers in Hawaii due to an “impractical” and “untenable” regulatory policy.Citing the reason for
indefinitely suspending its business in Hawaii, Coinbase revealed:The Hawaii Division of Financial
Institutions (DFI) has communicated regulatory policies which we believe will render continued
Coinbase operations there impractical.Coinbase was first notified of the restrictive regulatory policy
by the DFI in September, one that makes it “impossible” for the exchange to operate in the state,
according to a member of Coinbase’s legal team.Fundamentally, the regulation demands Coinbase
or other digital currency operators to hold cash reserves equivalent to the value of the digital
currency held for customers.Coinbase adds:This policy is obviously untenable. No digital currency
business – and frankly, no commercially viable business anywhere – has the capital to supplement
every customer bitcoin with redundant dollar collateral.As a result, Coinbase has now made it
mandatory for Hawaii-resident users to close their accounts within the next thirty days. The
exchange will also halt new account signups in America’s newest state “for the indefinite future.”
Customers can either send their bitcoin to an alternative wallet or swap the cryptocurrency for fiat
before their accounts’ closure.The exchange adds that it hopes to open shop in Hawaii in the future
by working with policymakers to change the law or by encouraging the DFI’s commissioner to
“revisit” the existing policy discretion under Hawaii law.Coinbase’s exit comes at a time when Hawaii
is considering a bitcoin- and blockchain-friendly bill, one that aims to establish a working group
toward the exploration of digital currencies and blockchain technology in Hawaii’s public and private
sectors.“Digital currencies such as bitcoin have broad benefits for Hawaii. A large portion of Hawaii’s
tourism market comes from Asia where the use of bitcoin as a virtual currency is expanding,” the
bill’s text read.The digital currency exchange said it was “heartened” that members of state’s House
of Representatives had introduced the bill and added that it would look forward to working with
them.link:https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-exchange-coinbase-stops-services-hawaii-due-u
ntenable-regulation/

[2016-02-24] Audio: Rootstock CEO Diego Guitterez discusses smart
contracts

Rootstock CEO Diego Guitterez discusses blockchain enabled smart
contractshttp://www.bitcoin.kn/2016/02/rootstock-ceo-diego-guitterez-discusses-blockchain-enabled-
smart-contracts/?utm_campaign=rootstock-ceo-diego-guitterez-discusses-blockchain-enabled-smart
-contracts&utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitter

[2016-05-05] Teen Makes $100,000 Through Bitcoin, Crowdfunds VR
Headset

After having been given $1,000 by his grandma at only 13-years-old, Erik Finman, now 17, made
the risky decision to invest in the notoriously volatile Bitcoin market. His investment very much paid

off.Read More

[2016-11-01] It’s Bitcoin’s Birthday: Whitepaper Released 8 years Ago
Today

Today is Bitcoin’s Birthday. Satoshi Nakamoto released the Bitcoin Whitepaper eight years ago
today, on October 31, 2008.At the time, many people who first read the paper became interested in
the background technology, and several wanted to see it in a working state.It seems very few knew
that was going to happen.Once Bitcoin launched in 2009, the biggest success story in digital money
was launched. Satoshi launched Bitcoin as open source software so anyone could use it, fork it and
update it. At first, the early adopters were mainly from the cryptography community like Hal Finney,
the recipient of the very first bitcoin transaction.bitcoin market cap on Bitcoin's BirthdayNick Szabo
and Wei Dai were also early adopters, with Szabo having developed “bit gold” prior to the Bitcoin
whitepaper’s release. Wei Dai is the creator of b-money another precursor to Bitcoin.Bitcoin’s
adoption was a steady progress as more people began to find out about it and experiment with
everything from forking and making their own coins to mining
technology.https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-birthday-whitepaper/

[2018-06-04] Cryptocurrency Exchange Hitbtc Suspends Services in Japan

Hitbtc has suspended its services for Japanese residents to avoid any trouble with the country’s
financial regulator since it is not authorized to operate in Japan. Users with Japanese IP addresses
will be asked to provide their residency information within the exchange’s know-your-customer
(KYC) procedure to prove they are not residents of Japan.Suspending Services in JapanHitbtc, the
world’s eighth largest crypto exchange according to Coinmarketcap, has announced a service
suspension for Japanese residents.On its website, the Hong Kong-based exchange added a new
section called Service Restriction to the Legal Information page of its Terms of Service. “You shall
not use our services and immediately cease using those if you are a resident or become a resident
at any time of the state or region where Hitbtc is not authorized to act,” the exchange wrote,
adding:/For the avoidance of any doubt and in accordance with the Japan Payment Services Act,
Hitbtc has temporarily suspended providing virtual (crypto) currency exchange services to residents
of Japan./The exchange elaborated, “In case our technology detects that you use our services from
an IP address registered in Japan, or any other services registered in Japan, you would be asked to
confirm that you are not a resident of Japan by providing information on your residency within KYC
procedure.”The exchange subsequently posted a notice on its website on Sunday confirming the
suspension, reiterating that it “will apply only to those living in the country.”Hit Solution Ltd provides
access to crypto assets exchange platform under the registered trademark Hitbtc. Since 2013, the
platform “has been providing markets for bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin, dogecoin, monero, USDT, and
more than 300 cryptocurrencies in total,” its website details. The exchange’s 24-hour trading volume
at the time of this writing is $281,395,577.More info -
https://news.bitcoin.com/cryptocurrency-exchange-hitbtc-suspends-services-japan/

[2019-07-16]  Canadian Town Says Yes to Accepting Bitcoin for Property
Taxes

https://cointelegraph.com/news/canadian-town-says-yes-to-accepting-bitcoin-for-property-taxesCan
adian crypto solutions provider and trading platform operator Coinberry has struck its second
municipal partnership to provide Bitcoin payments processing for property taxes. A press release
published on July 15 revealed that Coinberry has begun negotiations with the City of Richmond Hill
in the Greater Toronto Area after the Council voted on July 10 in favor of cementing an agreement

with Coinberry to support Bitcoin (BTC) property tax payments for residents and firms in its
jurisdiction.The partnership represents Coinberry’s second municipal foray in less than six months,
with the firm previously having implemented a crypto payments service with the Town of Innisfil, also
in the Greater Toronto Area. Coinberry is a Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of
Canada (FINTRAC)-registered firm and has been converting multiple cryptocurrencies into
Canadian dollars to settle property tax payments with Innisfil, meaning that the municipality itself
does not hold crypto directly. The same solution will presumably be implemented in Richmond Hill.
Once negotiations have been finalized, City of Richmond Hill municipal staff are expected to report
back on the likelihood they will be able to implement Coinberry’s technology for additional payments
of other City fees and broaden services as soon as September 30.According to the press release,
the Council’s affirmative vote in favor of crypto payments means that the City of Richmond Hill’s City
Manager is legally authorized to enter into a contract with Coinberry as soon as negotiations are
complete.In a statement, the municipality’s deputy mayor Joe di Paola indicated that: 
that the demand for a digital currency payment option is only going to grow in the coming years,
especially amongst millennials. Our Council was aware of Coinberry's successful implementation of
a digital currency payment service with the Town of Innisfil, and since there was no cost and no risk
to [...] do the same, it made the decision that much easier for us."As previously reported, In the
United States, the state of Ohio became the first to authorize businesses to pay taxes using Bitcoin.
Businesses are allowed to pay 23 different taxes using the crypto through an online portal that was
established by the state treasury office. This March, Cointelegraph reported that the Canada
Revenue Agency (CRA) was allegedly auditing cryptocurrency investors and asking them to clarify
multiple points, including how and through whom they purchased the assets and whether they use
cryptomixing services or tumblers.

   "We believe

[2019-07-12] Major Australian Supermarket Chain Now Accepts Bitcoin

IGA is a network of independent retailers comprising over 1400 stores spread all over Australia.
Now, these stores are accepting payments in bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies.https://bitcoinist.com/major-australian-supermarket-chain-now-accepting-bitcoin-pa
yments/

[2016-10-27] Stash Launches ‘Bank In A Box’ Bitcoin Full Node

News Bitcoin.com-Stash Launches ‘Bank In A Box’ Bitcoin Full NodeStash is a privacy-focused
Bitcoin company founded by Cliff Baltzley and Chris Odom. The company’s first product, the Stash
Node Pro, will be the world’s first Open-Transactions hardware device. The plug-and-play device is
a Bitcoin full node roughly five-by-five inches in size.With the typical capabilities of a full node, the
products’ privacy-centric features are unique. Stash Node Pro will include Open-Transactions —
which has untraceable cash, digital checks, recurring payments, basket currencies, bid/ask market
exchange, and a secure end-to-end encrypted messaging system. All the features included give
Stash Node owners a complete cryptographic resource library.“We’re reducing the need for reliance
on trusted third parties,” says Chris Odom, Stash CTO and co-founder. “All money services existing
today can be replaced by consumer devices. Through strong cryptography, parties can transact
directly and privately with one another.”READ MORE
>>>https://news.bitcoin.com/stash-bank-box-bitcoin-full-node/

[2018-01-31] Facebook Bans Cryptocurrency and ICO Ads

Facebook created a new policy that prohibits all advertisements for cryptocurrency and ICOs as part
of an ongoing effort to improve the integrity and security of ads and to make it harder for scammers

to profit from a presence on Facebook. The policy specifically prohibits ads that promote those types
of products and services that are frequently associated with misleading or deceptive practices, the
company said.Read more: https://hype.codes/facebook-bans-cryptocurrency-and-ico-adsWhat is
your opinion about the new policy?

[2016-10-27] Fear.Uncertainty.Doubt Strategy To Kill Bitcoin And
Blockchain

FUD, also referred to as “fear, uncertainty, and disinformation”, is a marketing strategy used against
a competitor's product to prevent that product from becoming widely popular amongst consumers.
FUD campaigns intend to sway consumers toward “safe” and reliable products with a well-known
history. FUD campaigners do this by exploiting a consumer's fears, uncertainties, and doubts
regarding the competitor's product.Since Bitcoin’s release in January 2009, Bitcoin has been “the
competitor's product”. The cryptocurrency provides a solution to the inefficient method of banking
that is currently used in the banking & finance field and that terrifies those that profit off of the
well-known traditional banking method. Read more:
https://coinidol.com/fear-uncertainty-doubt-strategy-to-kill-bitcoin-and-blockchain/

[2018-06-02]3.Largest Crypto Exchange Launches Crypto-Based
Exchange Traded Fund

Huobi, the world’s third largest cryptocurrency exchange by volume, is launching a crypto-based
exchange traded fund (ETF) today, June 1, according to a company announcement May 31.An ETF
is a financial derivative, more specifically a type of mutual fund that divides ownership of underlying
assets - in this case crypto assets - into shares. The ETF tracks the value of these assets and is
tradable during the working hours on an exchange. Shareholders are entitled to a share of the
fund’s profits, which are based on either longer-term earned interest or short-term speculation on
daily market fluctuations.Huobi’s new ETF - called ‘Huobi 10’ - is based on its recently launched
market index, which tracks the exchange’s 10 top-traded digital assets against Tether (USDT) in real
time, using a weighted average calculation method.Huobi suggests the new investment instrument
will potentially help new users to gain exposure to the crypto markets by giving them a stake in a
diversified basket of assets. This would reportedly allow investors who do not want to follow
individual crypto assets to buy into the general market trend and disregard the ‘noise’ of individual
coins.Huobi’s ETF is now open for subscriptions, with an option to pay using either Tether (USDT),
Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) or Huobi’s native token (HT). Subscriptions are limited to a range of
between 100 USDT and 10 million USDT or equivalent for each account.Crypto-based ETFs have
long been discussed as a potential ‘holy grail’ for the crypto industry. Although a few are already
being traded in certain countries - including a Bitcoin-only ETF on the NASDAQ Nordic exchange -
ETFs are considered to be a marketable security that requires regulation by government authorities,
and their mainstream future in crypto awaits clarification.In the US, the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) continues to debate crypto-based ETFs, having raised concerns over liquidity,
volatile valuations and the risks of fraud and market manipulation. The SEC rejected a Winklevoss
ETF in March 2017, and this January, two Bitcoin-related ETF proposals were withdrawn at the
regulator’s request.

[2016-07-18] Why Bitcoin's Halving Was a Boring Vindication

An event anticipated in the bitcoin community for years came and went last week with little fanfare
and, a week later, little impact.At approximately 12:48 EST, the 420,000th block on the bitcoin
blockchain was mined and sealed by F2Pool, one of the largest bitcoin pools, earning its members

12.5 BTC. This marked the second halving, and the first time a miner would receive the reduced
subsidy.Programmed into bitcoin's code, a halving event is when the subsidy for miners securing the
network is cut in half. When bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto first released bitcoin, miners earned
50 BTC per sealed block. Three-and-a-half years later, or 210,000 sealed blocks, that reward was
automatically cut in half.This cut in the subsidy is bitcoin's way of controlling the total supply of
currency that will ever be released. When the last bitcoin is released in 2140, there will be a total of
21m total bitcoin in the market, though many will not be in circulation due to loss.Heading into the
event, there were predictions on what would happen, with some speculating that the price would
drop immediately after to others suggesting worst-case scenarios.But what has become clear, at
least in the first week after halving, is that halving was just another day for
bitcoin.http://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-halving-event-boring-vindication-software/

[2017-06-19] DCEBrief - Op-Ed: Mitigate Your Risk – How to Invest for
Success

Op-Ed: Mitigate Your Risk – How to Invest for SuccessSince Bitcoin became the first decentralized
cryptocurrency in 2009, digital currencies have been discussed a lot in the media. Much of that
discussion has been about the volatile nature of their price. The recent burst of industry growth has
not gone unnoticed, and many farsighted investors now see Bitcoin and other currencies as
excellent opportunities to make big returns. Many investors, however, find that their lack of technical
knowledge can inhibit their ride to the top. This is partly because cryptocurrencies don’t have central
banks regulating their value, and partly because the global economy doesn’t yet price its
denomination. Much of this cryptocurrency volatility is the result of cyclical ‘subsequent’
consequences flowing on from what happens in the traditional finance sector. The internal causes
within the uncharted territory of the network is anyone’s guess (but this article is to help you get an
idea).In the brave new world of cryptocurrency, previous performance is not necessarily indicative of
future performance. Because the technology is so new, the performance data that due diligence
normally requires does not exist in the same way it does for other markets and company stocks. For
now, cryptocurrency markets remain speculative, which means investors must avoid emotional
trading decisions, and accept their proclivity for risk. Part one and two of this series of articles looked
at how money derives its value, and why some digital currencies become worth more than others.
This installment of my investment series will help you improve your odds of investment success in
cryptocurrency and its related markets.Read the full story: 
https://dcebrief.com/op-ed-mitigate-your-risk-how-to-invest-for-success/

[2018-01-31] South Korea says no plans to ban cryptocurrency
exchanges....

South Korea says no plans to ban cryptocurrency exchanges, uncovers $600 million illegal
tradesSEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea’s finance minister said the government has no plans to shut
down cryptocurrency trading, welcome news for investors worried that authorities might go as far as
China’s tough action in blocking virtual coin platforms. The comment by Kim Dong-yeon on
Wednesday comes as traders at home and around the world have been spooked by conflicting
comments from government officials in South Korea, a major hub for cryptocurrency trade, that
Seoul was planning to ban local digital coin exchanges.“There is no intention to ban or suppress
cryptocurrency (market),” Kim said, adding the government’s immediate task is to regulate
exchanges.Reinforcing Seoul’s intent to tighten the screws on a market widely seen as opaque and
risky by global policymakers, the country’s customs earlier on Wednesday announced it had
uncovered illegal cryptocurrency foreign exchange trading worth nearly $600 million.“Customs
service has been closely looking at illegal foreign exchange trading using cryptocurrency as part of
the government’s task force,” it said.South Korea has been at the forefront of pushing for broad

regulatory oversight of cryptocurrency trading as many locals, including students and housewives,
jumped into a frenzied market despite warnings from policy makers around the world of a
bubble.Seoul previously said that it is considering shutting down local cryptocurrency exchanges,
which threw the market into turmoil and hammered bitcoin prices. Officials later clarified that an
outright ban is only one of the steps being considered, and a final decision was yet to be
made.CRYPTO CRIMESCustoms said about 637.5 billion won ($596.02 million) worth of foreign
exchange crimes were detected.Illegal foreign currency trading of 472.3 billion formed the bulk of
the cryptocurrency crimes, it said in a statement, but gave no details on what action authorities were
taking against the rule breaches.In one case, an illegal FX agency collected a total of 1.7 billion won
($1.59 million) from local residents in a form of “electric wallet” coins to transfer it to a partner agent
abroad. The partner agent then cashed them out and distributed the settlement to clients based in
that country, according to the statement.In South Korea, only licensed banks and brokers can offer
foreign exchange services. Local companies and residents who move more than $3,000 out of the
country at a time must submit documents to tax authorities explaining reasons for the transfers.
Annual overseas transfers of more than $50,000 must also be reported with similar
documents.Effective from Jan. 30, authorities imposed rules which allow only real-name bank
accounts to be used for cryptocurrency trading designed to stop virtual coins from being used for
money laundering and other crimes.Among other breaches, Customs said there were also cases
where investors in Japan sent their yen worth 53.7 billion won to their partners in South Korea for
illegal currency trade.It said authorities will continue to monitor for any violations of foreign exchange
rules or of money laundering activities.Bitcoin stood at $10,123.13 as of 0842 GMT on the
Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange. The heightened regulatory scrutiny around the world,
however, has seen bitcoin dive about 27.1 percent so far this month, on track for its biggest monthly
decline since January 2015.Cryptocurrencies got another jolt last week after Tokyo-based exchange
Coincheck said hackers stole over $500 million in one of the world’s biggest cyber heists. Source:
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-southkorea-bitcoin/south-korea-says-no-plans-to-ban-cryptocurre
ncy-exchanges-uncovers-600-million-illegal-trades-idUSKBN1FK09J

[2016-05-07] Bitcoin Adoption in Africa Up Due to Trading, Remittances.....

Bitcoin users in parts of Africa have an almost non-existent mining practice yet the virtual currency’s
level of adoption is driving more Africans to its trade.Read More

[2016-05-07]Blockchain, the Ideal Tech to Ensure Legal & Regulatory
Compliance

Blockchain, the Ideal Tech to Ensure Legal & Regulatory Compliance among CompaniesThe
implementation of digital currency technology across the banking and financial sector is in full swing.
Blockchain, the underlying technology of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency protocol act as a
distributed ledger recording all the transactions happening across the network. The same
technology is now being implemented in other sectors to facilitate movement of financial assets and
maintenance of records...read more

[2016-07-15] Popular TV Shows are Now Mainstreaming Cryptocurrency

mr.-robot-key-artJust recently the USA network intentionally leaked the first episode of Mr. Robot
created by Sam Esmail and starring Christian Slater as an insurrectionary anarchist. Slater, who
joins a group of hacktivists, is on a mission throughout the show to end debt by attacking a
corporate entity called E Corp. The first episode revealed quite a bit of Bitcoin references and a
Bitcoin ATM truck, signs and a few more subtle reminders that the cryptocurrency exists within the

storyline.In Mr. Robot’s recent show, which has many Bitcoin allusions throughout details the
banking environment is crumbling all around society. Banks have serious troubles as many citizens
debts and accounts are inoperable. The banks also suffer from ransomware attacks. The legacy
institutions in Mr. Robot’s world are forced to pay a significant ransom with the malware infesting the
financial infrastructure. USA networks hacktivist show has millions of fans worldwide and is sure to
interest people who have never even heard of Bitcoin and cryptocurrency
before.https://news.bitcoin.com/cryptocurrency-tv-popular/

[2018-01-30] U.S. Regulators Send Tether and Bitfinex Subpoenas BTC
Dumps

There’s been a lot of discussion and controversy surrounding Tether (USDT) a digital asset that
claims to be backed by the U.S. dollar. Now according to reports, the U.S. Commodity Futures
Trading Commission has subpoenaed the cryptocurrency exchange Bitfinex and the company
Tether for unknown reasons.A lot of skeptics believe that the digital currency Tether USDT is not
backed by the U.S. dollar and may have pumped the entire cryptocurrency economy during 2017’s
phenomenal year. Just recently news.Bitcoin.com reported on Tether severing ties with its auditor,
so cryptocurrency enthusiasts are still left in the dark regarding USDT’s so-called backing. Tether
has still not proven that it holds $2.3 billion USD in reserves. Now according to the financial
publication Bloomberg the CFTC had sent subpoenas to both Tether and Bitfinex on December 6, “a
person familiar with the matter” explains.Read More Here >>> 
 https://news.bitcoin.com/u-s-regulators-send-tether-and-bitfinex-subpoenas/

[2016-05-07]Blockchain: What is all the buzz about?

Blockchain: What is all the buzz about?Blockchain technology, introduced as the magic behind
Bitcoin, is being touted by many as the next major disruptive innovation – in global trade and way
beyond. At its core, Blockchain shifts the accounting function from third-party financial institutions
and intermediaries to thousands of nodes (computers) on the Blockchain network that collectively
maintain a public ledger of verifiable transactions.  Another important function of the Blockchain
is...http://www.jdsupra.com/legalnews/blockchain-what-is-all-the-buzz-about-93538/

[2018-01-30] Davos discussions on Blockchain

Cryptocurrencies have been a hot topic for years, but the last year has been perhaps the first time
that it has garnered so much attention from traditional economic circles. And traditional economic
circles don’t get much wider than the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.At the 2018
World Economic Forum, one of the biggest—and by far the most controversial—topics was
cryptocurrencies, blockchain technology, and Bitcoin. While blockchain technology garnered praise
and interest, reaction to cryptocurrencies as a whole remained mixed.Blockchain was one of the
most lauded developments at the Forum. Christine Lagarde, the Managing Director for the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) called blockchain technologies “fascinating”Investor and
philanthropist George Soros said that blockchain “can be put to positive use,” giving the example of
“helping migrants to communicate with their families and to keep their money safe and carry it with
them.”Cryptocurrencies did not receive so warm a welcome from many prominent figures, including
the governor of the Bank of Canada, Stephen Polos, who said that “There is no intrinsic value for
something like bitcoin so it’s not really an asset one can analyze. It’s just essentially speculative or
gambling.“2013 Nobel Prize winner Robert Shiller said that cryptocurrencies are “an interesting
experiment, but it’s not a permanent feature of our lives. We are over-emphasizing bitcoin, we
should broaden it out to blockchain, which will have other applications.”The anonymity of

cryptocurrencies was also a concern. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin expressed concern about
the way cryptocurrencies are being used, stating that his “number-one focus on cryptocurrencies,
whether that be digital currencies or bitcoin or other things, is that we want to make sure that they’re
not used for illicit activities.”Similarly, Christine Lagarde from the IMF said, in regards to
cryptocurrencies, that “The fact that the anonymity, the lack of transparency and the way in which it
conceals and protects money laundering and financing of terrorism, is just unacceptable.”However,
many investors were not dissuaded. Nick Cary, co-founder of the Blockchain wallet, said that “You
have to look at the fundamentals. To us, we are seeing increases in transaction volume and to me
that’s one of the first indicators that more people are using this in their daily lives and that’s really
interesting to me.”Cryptocurrencies and the blockchain have been one of the most talked about
technologies at this year’s conference, although not every speaker agreed what its future will look
like.https://www.ccn.com/davos-discussions-on-blockchain/

[2016-05-07]Bitcoin project blocks out Gavin Andresen over Satoshi claims

First he publicly backs Craig Wright, saying that the Australian computer scientist really is the man
who created bitcoin under the alias Satoshi Nakamoto. Then, when Wright’s own promised evidence
falls apart – utterly disintegrates, really, faster than a tissue left in your pocket when you wash a pair
of jeans on the spin cycle – he can only respond “what the heck?” On Thursday, it became clear that
Wright wasn’t even going to try to provide any other evidence, and Andresen started mulling
platitudes, tweeting: “‘we are all Satoshi’ is such a lovely idea; might say ‘yes’ when asked ‘are
you?’”Now, it looks like Andresen might have just been fired from Bitcoin development. He took over
development of the Bitcoin code from Nakamoto himself when the latter retired from the scene, but
since then he has also taken a back seat, leaving others to do the heavy
lifting.http://www.hitc.com/en-gb/2016/05/07/bitcoin-project-blocks-out-gavin-andresen-over-satoshi-
nakamoto/

[2017-10-25]Bitcoin Accessibility From a Blind Person’s Perspective

last week a fundraiser was started in order to get Satoshi Nakamoto’s original bitcoin white paper
written in Braille for blind people. Thanks to the generosity of many bitcoin proponents, the project’s
funding was successfully completed, and the paper will soon be made available to the general
public.Currently, there is an initiative in the works to transcribe Satoshi’s white paper in Braille, a
tactile writing system used by individuals who are visually impaired. The creator of the project
explains that Satoshi’s paper has been translated into multiple languages, but has yet to be
transcribed in Braille. The Bitcoin white paper Braille project is working with the American Printing
House for the Blind, in order to press, bound, and distribute the copies to anyone who is visually
impaired for free.“Most of the cost of printing is related to the creation of tactile graphics
representing the various technical diagrams that appear throughout the white paper,” explains Adam
Newbold, the creator of the white paper Braille project.Source
https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-accessibility-from-a-blind-persons-perspective/

[2016-02-22] themerkle.com : Is Bitcoin Mining Worth it?

What is Bitcoin Mining?Before we delve into the details of whether Bitcoin mining is still a profitable
venture for miners in today’s world, we first need to establish a basic understanding of what exactly
is meant by Bitcoin mining. Bitcoin mining is the process of receiving bitcoins in return of validating
transactions for Bitcoin users. Unfortunately, the Bitcoin network isn’t preceived to be trustworthy as
for many the concept of digital currencies is still a mystery.read detail :
http://themerkle.com/news/bitcoin-mining-worth/

[2018-01-28] Bitcoin bombshell: Cryptocurrency could hit $50,000 THIS
YEAR

Bitcoin bombshell: Cryptocurrency could hit $50,000 THIS YEAR in new predictionBITCOIN could
hit $50,000 (£35,000) this year, but cryptocurrency will remain volatile as it enjoys its meteoric rise,
an expert has predicted.Jeet Singh, a cryptocurrency portfolio manager for the last six years, says it
is common for virtual currencies to fluctuate by 70 or 80 percent.Speaking at the World Economic
Forum in Davos, he compared cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and Ripple to early tech giants like
Microsoft.He said: "If you look at Microsoft or Apple, when they went public their stocks were very
volatile because the market wasn’t mature."The volatility of the market may have worried newer
cryptocurrency traders, but long-time investors are less concerned, as they are used to some
fluctuations, Mr. Singh explained. As the market for bitcoin becomes more mainstream, and traders
begin to better understand cryptocurrencies, some of this volatility is likely to calm do. Mr. Singh
predicts: "Bitcoin could definitely see $50,000 in 2018."However, he added: "We will probably go
through a suffering period of volatility" around the time of Bitcoin’s next $10,000 landmark.Bitcoin’s
volatility has led traditional financial experts to slam the investment, claiming it is a "bubble" doomed
to crash and burn.Bank of Canada boss Stephen Poloz claimed crypto would never be used as a
real currency, branding it a form of "gambling" rather than a legitimate investment.Delivering a stark
warning to investors, he said: "A lot of words have been used but I think the main thing is, buyers
should be aware it is much closer to gambling than investing."He claimed cryptocurrencies have no
intrinsic value and would not be seen as "assets" in the same strain as other investments.Mr. Poloz
said: "They are not assets, really, for the most part. I suppose they are securities, technically. "But
tax authorities treat them as securities. Because you have to pay tax on a capital gain or
loss."However, Mr. Singh said he believed cryptocurrencies would be used transactions in
increasing measure in the coming months and years.He claimed: "There are not so many vendors
right now who accept cryptocurrencies but there’s huge adoption on the black market."Adoption has
begun principally in countries with unstable national currencies but is set to extend, he
claimed.Source:
https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/911036/Bitcoin-cryptocurrency-2018-expert-predictions-50k-3
5k

[2018-05-25]Sberbank Attempts to Launch Russia’s First Initial Coin
Offering

Sberbank CIB in a partnership with National Settlement Depository (NSD) has announced their
intention to set up an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) in the Bank of Russia’s regulatory sandbox. The
issuer of the digital currency will be Level One, that operates the largest lecture hall on Moscow’s
financial market.“Sberbank CIB considers the Russian ICO market to be very promising. Many
Sberbank clients are interested in this type of investment, and we plan to promote this service
proactively once the appropriate legislative framework comes into effect; we will be one of the
drivers to institutionalize and popularize this type of transaction,” Igor Bulantsev, Senior Vice
President of Sberbank, Head of Sberbank CIB, explains.Read the details in the article of Coinidol
dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/sberbank-attempts-to-launch-initial-coin-offering/

[2016-07-14] Blockchain platform Plutus raises $1 million through
crowdsale

Blockchain platform Plutus raises $1 million through crowdsaleThe bitcoin wallet and payment

service has collected more than $1 million in a 9-day long crowdsale. The company is planning to
use the money for further development of the
platform.http://www.coinfox.info/news/5917-platezhnaya-platforma-plutus-poluchila-1-mln-v-khode-kr
audsejla-2

[2016-7-14] Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust now Offering Insurance

A new Bitcoin ETF called SolidX Bitcoin Trust has filed its S-1, an SEC filing used by establishments
to register public securities, to challenge the Winklevoss Bitcoin
Trust.http://cointelegraph.com/news/new-bitcoin-etf-challenges-winklevoss-bitcoin-trust-by-offering-i
nsurance

 [2017-06-16] Top German Banker Warns Cryptocurrencies Could
Precipitate a Finan

Top German Banker Warns Cryptocurrencies Could Precipitate a Financial CrisisA top German
banker, Jens Weidmann, commented Wednesday that digital currencies like bitcoin could cause a
financial catastrophe. The banker alluded to the idea digital currencies are unstable and prone to
violent fluctuations on the market. Weidmann said for people to expect banks to adopt digital
currencies so the average citizen begin to have faith in them. A Business Insider article further
suggested the banking system has a leg up on digital currencies, because they have the ability to
print as much money as they want. In other words, they can avert a financial collapse by magically
creating more liquidity.The article quoted Weidmann, saying, “This is a feature which will become
relevant especially in times of crisis – when there will be a strong incentive for money holders to
switch bank deposits into the official digital currency simply at the push of a button.”The article’s
author also said the banker’s position was that when banks have their own digital currencies, they
can use various features to protect the banks from going on bank runs. They could provide people
with digital assets so they don’t start taking all their cash out of the bank. The article
read:QuoteWeidmann’s basic point is that by making currencies fully digital in future, withdrawing
money from a bank would become much more simple. Instead of physically having to visit a
cashpoint or bank branch to withdraw cash, customers could do it online. In times of crisis, when
people tend to take money out of their accounts so they can have the perceived safety of cash,
causing the phenomenon of the bank run.Full article:
https://news.bitcoin.com/top-banker-warns-cryptocurrencies-could-precipitate-a-financial-crisis/

[2015-12-31] The Legal Status of Bitcoin in Thailand

Despite stern warnings from central banks all over the world, the adoption of Bitcoin and other digital
currencies is thriving. Consumers are looking for access to [improved] financial services, and Bitcoin
offers them exactly that. Putting users in full control of their finances is the way this world should
work. But what about the status of Bitcoin in Thailand, as there seems to be some confusion
regarding that matter.http://themerkle.com/news/legal-status-bitcoin-thailand/

[2015-12-29] From Worst to First: Bitcoin's Price Ends 2015 on Top

After a year filled with its share of doom and gloom, the verdict is in: Bitcoin won 2015.As trumpeted
by headlines in CNBC and Bloomberg, bitcoin was the best-performing currency of the year, netting
near-40% gains, more than double its nearest competition, the Somali Shilling and Gambian Dalasi.
The development contrasts with bitcoin's performance from 2014, in which it lost 56% of its value,

the most among global currencies.A look at the CoinDesk USD Bitcoin Price Index (BPI) from
October on reveals an impressive upward arch that contrasts with the choppy peaks and valleys of
the year's earlier
months.http://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-price-in-2015-doom-and-gloom-give-way-to-positive-years-
end/

[2017-06-14]4 Reasons Why I'll Never Invest in Bitcoin (and You Shouldn't
Either

Chances are you'll have a hard time finding an investment that's outperformed marijuana stocks,
unless you've been keeping your eye on the digital cryptocurrency bitcoin. Since late March, bitcoin
has risen from around $900 to, at one point, north of $3,000. In fact, over the past 60 trading
sessions, the price of the digital currency has risen three-quarters of the time.Here's why bitcoin is
skyrocketingWhy is bitcoin soaring as much as it is? It's tough to say with any certainty given the
decentralized nature of the currency, but it could have to do with a few key
factorshttps://www.fool.com/investing/2017/06/14/4-reasons-why-ill-never-invest-in-bitcoin-and-you.
aspx

[2016-02-20] CD: Inside Bloq’s Bid to Bring Bitcoin's Code to Businesses

Inside Bloq’s Bid to Bring Bitcoin's Code to Enterprise BusinessesLong-time bitcoin developer Jeff
Garzik and industry investor Matt Roszak have teamed up to launch Bloq, a new startup ambitiously
billed as a "Red Hat for blockchain", in a nod to the $1bn open-source software company.Backed by
$250,000 in capital from Roszak’s firm Tally Capital, co-founders Garzik and Roszak said that Bloq
aims to provide a engagement layer for enterprises companies that may otherwise be uncertain
about dedicating resources to engineering and strategy efforts that leverage open-source blockchain
technology.http://www.coindesk.com/inside-bloqs-bid-to-bring-bitcoins-code-to-enterprise-businesse
s/

[2016-05-05] Audio: Tyler Winklevoss on Bitcoin, Opportunity, and
Investing

Tyler Winklevoss on Bitcoin, Opportunity, and
Investinghttps://soundcloud.com/numbers-narrative/ep-58-tyler-winklevoss-on-bitcoin-opportunity-an
d-investing

[2016-13-07] Trezor announces next generation device and upcoming
hackathon

SatoshiLabs, the makers of the popular hardware wallet Trezor, announced some exciting news
today about the next generation of Trezor.Read more:
http://bitcoinx.io/news/articles/trezor-announces-next-generation-device-and-upcoming-hackathon/

[2015-12-30] NASDQ 2015: A Blockbuster Year for Bitcoin's Blockchain
Technology 

“A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online payments to be sent directly
from one party to another without going through a financial institution.” This is the opening sentence

of the abstract of Satoshi Nakamoto’s white paper titled Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash
System. With this, the first cryptocurrency, bitcoin, came into existence in 2008.Read more:
http://www.nasdaq.com/article/2015-a-blockbuster-year-for-bitcoins-blockchain-technology-cm55993
8#ixzz3vqyYnHQl

[2018-01-27] Role Playing Game Imperatum Adds Dynamic ‘Bitcoin Mode’
Difficulty

Fans of the Role Playing Game (RPG) Imperatum now have the chance to play an all-new level in
their favorite Sci-Fi simulator. Imperatum has added a “Crypto Update” to the Volantis City level
which brings different difficulty options based on the real-time price of bitcoin.Imperatum is a popular
RPG that can be found on the Steam gaming network. Players become agents in the city of Volantis
trying to find clues to the ongoing mystery of an evil force consuming the galaxy. The game offers
lots of items, weapons, character customization, and “core ARPG ‘trinity’ mechanics.” The new
Crypto Update comes with several new features for Imperatum players but ‘Bitcoin Mode’ will make
things more or less challenging — depending on the value of bitcoin.“‘Bitcoin Mode’ changes the
fundamental elements of Imperatum based off of the changes in value to Bitcoin,” explains the latest
update. Read More Here >>> 
 https://news.bitcoin.com/role-playing-game-imperatum-adds-dynamic-bitcoin-mode-difficulty/

[2016-7-13] Russia Forms its Own R3 Consortium..

Russian banks recognize the potential of BlockchainBlockchain technology is often seen as being
able to significantly supplement, and even transform principles of financial market operation,
bringing new effective models of cooperation between participants, and increasing accessibility and
reliability of financial services while lowering their costs.The potential of Blockchain technology is
best unveiled through collaborative work of a number of financial sector players.Olga
Skorobogatova, deputy chairman at the Central Bank of Russia said that several banks and financial
institutions, including SBERBANK, QIWI Group, Accenture, BINBANK, MDM Bank, Bank “Otkritie”,
and Tinkoff Bank have confirmed their intention to join
consortium.http://cointelegraph.com/news/russia-takes-its-relationship-with-blockchain-to-the-next-le
vel-forms-its-own-r3-consortium

[2016-13-7]First Foreign VPN Providr Leaves Russia Because of
Repressive New Law

Private Internet Access (PIA), a foreign VPN provider, has announced they are ceasing all
operations in Russia due to a new law.According to a notice sent to customers, a new Russian law
was passed that mandated that all service providers log all regional traffic for up to one year. This
new requirement has prompted PIA to seek to do business elsewhere.The provider writes in a blog
post:    “We have decided not to do business within the Russian territory. We’re going to be further
evaluating other countries and their policies.”Edward Snowden criticized the new law as well, calling
it extreme and cost-prohibitive:    “Putin has signed a repressive new law that violates not only
human rights, but common sense. Dark day for
Russia.”http://cointelegraph.com/news/first-foreign-vpn-provider-leaves-russia-because-of-repressiv
e-new-law

[2016-05-05] Craig Wright Signed With Outside Organisation PR Agency

Keeping in mind how Craig Wright seemingly had the BBC and The Economist on speed dial every
time he had an announcement to make, it was rather clear a PR agency was involved at some point.
All of the journalists in question had to sign a nondisclosure agreement as well. Otherwise they
would be barred from participating in this media
circus.http://themerkle.com/craig-wright-signed-with-outside-organisation-pr-agency/

[2018-05-23] London Mosque Accepts Bitcoin in World First For Islam

A mosque in London has become the first in the world to accept cryptocurrencies as donations
following the declaration that it is permissible under Sharia lawCryptocurrencies are so new and
misunderstood that they needed to be scrutinized by Islam scholars to determine if they could be
accepted under Sharia law. It was declared that they could, and so, a mosque in London is open to
accepting Bitcoin as donations.The mosque is on a charge to raise upwards of £10,000 in
cryptocurrency donations over Ramadan, through both negative to cryptocurrencies.A wider
audienceHowever, this move by The Shacklewell Lane Mosque in Hackney is intended to try and
reach a wider audience within the Muslim community. Muslims are asked to give away 2.5 percent
of their wealth during the 30-day festival as part of zakat and this mosque is hoping they can reach
their target by also taking Bitcoin.“We are trying to appeal to a wider audience with the new money,”
Erkin Guney, the chairman of the board of trustees, told The Hackney Gazette. “It’s big in the Islamic
world, and we have set up a platform for wealthier Muslims outside our community to support and
donate to our mosque.”Fitting into IslamMoney is closely regulated and managed under Sharia law,
and it had to be officially declared that cryptocurrencies can fall under its gambit.Last month,
Muhammad Abu-Bakar of Blossom Finance in Indonesia explored the functionality of Bitcoin and
other cryptocurrencies to determine whether they fit with Islam’s strict definitions of money.“Several
recent fatwa issued by prominent Muslim scholars offered incomplete or contradictory opinions on
the topic,” said Matthew Martin, CEO of Blossom Finance.“With all the confusion out there, we
wanted to offer clear guidance supported by solid research that benefits both laypeople and
practitioners of Islamic finance.”It was thus concluded that Bitcoin is permissible as it is already
accepted by merchants around the
globe.https://cryptocomes.com/london-mosque-accepts-bitcoin-in-world-first-for-islam

[2016-02-19] Bitcoin Scammer Butterfly Labs Settles With the FTC

Bitcoin Scammer Butterfly Labs Settles With the FTCButterfly Labs was once a rising star in the
world of bitcoin, selling pre-orders for some of the fastest computer equipment around for “mining,”
or generating, the cryptocurrency in its early days. But tens of thousands of those units never made
it to the people who bought them, and many of the ones that did were either used or obsolete,
making Butterfly Labs one of the most reviled names in the
industry.http://motherboard.vice.com/read/butterfly-labs-bitcoin-asics-miners-ftc-settlement-scam

[2016-08-02] Thomson Reuters Is Now Part of The R3 Blockchain
Consortium

It is evident Thomson Reuters wants to advance their role in the blockchain world. Ever since
collaborating with customers on proof-of-concept initiatives for quite some time, the company has
been looking to take things to the next level. The R3 consortium seems to fit the bill perfectly for the
time being.http://fintechist.com/thomson-reuters-now-part-r3-blockchain-consortium/

[2017-10-23] Miami Homeowner Accepts BTC and BCH  for $6.5 Million

Mansion

According to the Miami New Times, an early bitcoin investor and a firm believer in the new
economy, Mike Komaransky, recently decided to put his seven-bedroom, 9,452 square-foot mansion
near Coral Gables for sale. It has a chef’s kitchen, a summer kitchen, a basketball court and a pool.
The asking price is little under $6.5 million, and bitcoin is accepted.Mike Komaransky reportedly
supported every new retailer that accepted bitcoin a few years ago, just to signal confidence in the
cryptocurrency. So much so, that he claims to have spent a lot of money in today’s terms. He
stated:    “I bought a bunch of stupid T-shirts and a sushi key ring that probably ended up costing
like $50,000 worth of Bitcoin.”Komaransky bought the mansion back in 2014 and offered to pay for it
with bitcoin. The previous owner didn’t accept his offer but, now that Komaransky is putting it back
on the market, he decided to give buyers the option to pay for it with bitcoin or bitcoin cash. He
stated:    “I want to show people that real-world goods and services are payable in Bitcoin and
Bitcoin Cash.”Moreover, he added that he knows these large investments in bitcoin are good
protection against inflation, especially for people living in South America. According to him, it’s an
interesting use of protection against inflation, as he predicts cryptocurrencies will be more popular in
Latin America. Komaransky is currently “semi-retired” in France with his family, but plans to
eventually return to Miami where he used the property as a vacation home.Selling Homes for Bitcoin
Isn’t NewThe house is listed by the Cassis-Burke collection at the Brown Harris Stevens in Miami.
The agents, Stephan Burke and Carol Cassis, stated that this was the first time they had a home for
sale for bitcoin. In real estate, however, the option isn’t new.As previously covered by CCN, back in
2016 a man bought a house using bitcoin in Denmark through Coinify for 117 BTC. Earlier this year,
a man decided to buy a home in California with bitcoin, and to his surprise got a 25% windfall (about
$1 million) thanks to a surge in the cryptocurrency’s price.According to Stephan Burke, working with
a global currency in real estate could help his business. He stated:    “Miami is not a city; Miami is a
country. We have buyers coming in from Chine and Dubai right now, and with Bitcoin Cash, a buyer
could come from anywhere in the world, because it’s cryptocurrency that’s not necessarily tied to
where you
live.”https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/miami-homeowner-accepts-bitcoin-bitcoin-cash-6-5-million-m
ansion/

[2017-10-22]To the Moon – Or Bust? Questions to Ask When Evaluating
ICOs

To the Moon – Or Bust? Questions to Ask When Evaluating ICOsBefore bitcoin came along, I was a
financial advisor for many years. So I really don't like to see people make foolish decisions that cost
them a lot of money.Clearly, digital assets are here to stay. The opportunity is exciting, but we
should also be concerned about the rampant proliferation of low-quality offerings and scams.To
make things worse, digital assets don't even have a common set of criteria by which we evaluate
them. With public companies, we can compare earnings, balance sheets and other similarly
calculated metrics. For digital assets, there might not even be a balance sheet; you might be making
a donation to a non-profit or purchasing an API key.There is a need for a uniform set of criteria that
people can to evaluate the merit of various assets. To help investors sort the rare gems from the
abundance of junk, I’ve made a simple tool called Spacesuit X for analyzing the investment merits of
coins, tokens, ICOs and similar projects.What is it?Spacesuit X is a rating scale of 0–100 which is
based on an acronym for 10 categories that investors and analysts might consider regarding tokens,
coins and ICO offerings. The tenth category is “X Factor” which allows analysts to assign their own
criteria for evaluation....https://www.coindesk.com/moon-bust-questions-ask-evaluating-icos/

[2016-07-12] Negative Rates, Falling Bond Yields: Time to Consider
Bitcoin

Negative Rates, Falling Bond Yields: Time to Consider BitcoinWith high market uncertainty, low
inflation, and negative interest rates in many countries, it’s becoming harder for investors to ignore
Bitcoin, which is one of the very few investments these days to offer an alternative to further
losses.https://news.bitcoin.com/negative-rates-bonds-consider-bitcoin/

[2016-02-18]Bitcoin Startup Bridge21 Joins 2016 Techstars Boulder Class

Bitcoin Startup Bridge21 Joins 2016 Techstars Boulder ClassCompanies such as Bridge21 attract a
lot of attention from investors and other people active in the technology world. Bitcoin is a very
difficult concept to grasp for most people and any service that makes the transition from fiat to digital
currency more convenient is worth keeping an eye on.Even though the company still hasn’t
launched their beta testing phase just yet – which will only be available to US customers,
unfortunately – Techstars has taken an interest in Bridge21. So much even that they invited the
startup to join their 2016 Spring Class, giving the company a chance to meet other entrepreneurs
and avoid some of the pitfalls other Bitcoin startups have made in the
past.http://themerkle.com/news/bitcoin-startup-bridge21-joins-2016-techstars-boulder-class/

[2016-05-04] CD: 21 Inc Unveils Plan to Make Every Computer a Bitcoin
Computer

21 Inc Unveils Plan to Make Every Computer a Bitcoin ComputerBalaji Srinivasan, co-founder and
CEO of 21 Inc, announced the launch of the 21 software package at the Consensus 2016
blockchain conference, allowing anyone with a computer to receive
bitcoin.http://www.coindesk.com/21-plan-bitcoin-computer/

[2016-02-18]The Bitcoin Democracy Down Under: Vote Tokens to Disrupt
Politics...

The Bitcoin Democracy Down Under: Vote Tokens to Disrupt Politics in AustraliaThe Flux Party of
Australia suggests using a Bitcoin-based approach to save democracy from itself. The virtual tokens
will be issued to distribute the will of their voters to their elected
officials.http://cointelegraph.com/news/the-bitcoin-democracy-down-under-vote-tokens-to-disrupt-pol
itics-in-australia

[2017-10-20] First World Fat Cat Jamie Dimon Doesn’t Understand
Poverty, Bashes 

First World Fat Cat Jamie Dimon Doesn’t Understand Poverty, Bashes BitcoinIt’s said how little
Jamie Dimon knows about the needs of people who live in the countries of South America, Central
America, Africa and Asia.Dimon keeps finding new ways to show his lack of understanding of
Bitcoin, and of the economic realities of most of the world’s population. He recently said:    “If it can
be done digitally with the Blockchain, so be it. But it will still be a dollar cryptocurrency. What I have
an issue with is a non-fiat cryptocurrency. So crypto sterling, euro, yen, they are all fine. I don't
personally understand the value of something that has no actual value.“Fat catsFor an American
millionaire with a narrow view of the world, he may be right. But for the inhabitants of more than 170
countries that do not have strong fiat currencies like sterling, euro, yen or dollars, Bitcoin definitely
has value. An example from Brazil clearly demonstrates the benefits of transacting internationally
with Bitcoin.Developing countries are often saddled by their governments with capital controls, to

prevent money from leaving the country.Cost savingsA Brazilian who buys a product from Amazon
pays a 6.5% “IOF Tax” retained directly on his credit card. This tax is levied on any international
purchase or remittance of securities. In addition, this user is at the mercy of the exchange rate that
will be applied by the operator of the credit card. Combined, transactional costs can exceed 10% of
the purchase price, and that’s not even considering the import taxes that must be paid.Now imagine
a Brazilian who has decided to study the magnificent world of Blockchain and needs to buy a $100
item from Amazon. This person can use one of several Bitcoin-based websites to get a 15%
discount on his purchase. Thus a $100 purchase, instead of costing $110 as it would by using his
credit card, actually only cost $85. That’s a huge savings. Does Bitcoin have any value to the
mega-rich like Dimon? Probably not. But in the developing world, where a few dollars can literally
make the difference between feast and famine, Bitcoin has real value.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/first-world-fat-cat-jamie-dimon-doesnt-understand-poverty-bashes-bi
tcoin

[2017-10-21] Italian Auction House is First to Allow Bidding with Bitcoin

Sant’Agostino, an Italian auction house, is the first to let people bid and settle with bitcoin.
Auctioneers determined it will be the first one to allow for bitcoin to enter into the realm of auctioning.
This brings bitcoin into yet another aspect of commercial and economic life. A Geo TV article
originally covered the story: “ROME: Italian auction house Sant’Agostino said Wednesday bidders at
its next sale will be able to settle up in bitcoin, a world first according to the auctioneers.”The First
Items for Auction via Bitcoin BiddingThe auction is slated to sell roughly 600 items, which include
furniture and other household objects. All of the items can be purchased with bitcoin via the bidding
process. Furthermore, the following  Sant’Agostino auction — which will include bidding on jewelry,
watches, and art pieces — will also accept bitcoin as part of the settlement process.        "Paying
with the crypto currency will also be allowed at the following auction at the end of November which
will feature paintings, jewelry and watches."This means there could be a movement developing in
this particular area of retail services, and spur more popularity for bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies.Read more: https://news.bitcoin.com/italian-auction-first-allow-bidding-bitcoin/

[2016-05-04] Why I’m buying bitcoins

Why I’m buying bitcoinsIf I were to tell you that gold miners or oil producers were about to cut their
production in half, would that make you more or less bullish on gold and oil? More bullish of course.
That’s exactly what’s about to happen to bitcoin, the digital
currency.http://moneyweek.com/why-im-buying-bitcoins/better hold some Litecoins too in that
scenario  

[2015-12-29] Voxelus Virtual Reality Currency Presale Begins On Uphold
Platform

The Voxelus virtual reality (VR) content creation platform is making its VOX currency available on
the Uphold cloud money platform in a beta pre-sale. Uphold users can order VOX on Uphold before
its general release on March 30, 2016, according to Anthony Watson, president and CEO of Uphold
Inc.Voxelus allows users to create VR games and experiences without having to rewrite code. It
offers a VR player app that plays content using the desktop content tool on Samsung VR or Oculus
Rift and is developing even more
features.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/voxelus-virtual-reality-currency-presale-begins-uphold-pl
atform/

[2017-10-16] South Korea will impose Bitcoin tax

According to South Korean National Tax Service, authorities have discussed the possibilities of
Bitcoin tax. Han Seung-Hee, commissioner of the National Tax Service proposed to lawmakers how
to tax cryptocurrencies.Read more at: https://dowbit.com/south-korea-will-impose-bitcoin-tax/

[2016-13-10] MineCoin Central Bank: Algo or human?

October 12, 2016, Kyiv, Ukraine – Minex Systems, invites the community to vote on certain key
issues regarding the future operations of Minex Bank. Through this voting process, the development
team intends to choose between algorithmic, decentralized and human controlled banking
models.Minex Bank is a critical element of Minex Ecosystem. With functions similar to that of a
central bank, Minex Bank is responsible for the support, stabilization and regulation of the exchange
rate of MineCoin against other cryptocurrencies. It is also responsible for handling deposits and
financing.The MineCoin development team is currently facing an important question regarding the
model of Minex Bank and they would like to get it answered from potential users and holders of
MineCoin. They have opted for a voting process to ensure that the trust and transparency in the
Minex Ecosystem is maintained throughout the development and implementation
process.http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/10/13/minecoin-central-bank-algo-human/

[2017-06-13] Market Instability Causes Bitcoin Price Premiums...

Market Instability Causes Bitcoin Price Premiums, China & South Korea Trade at $2,850There
exists a strange correlation between market instability and bitcoin price premiums. In leading bitcoin
exchange markets with the exception of the US, bitcoin premiums emerge when bitcoin’s volatility
increases.On June 12, bitcoin price achieved a new all-time high at $3,017 as demand from investor
reached a peak on major bitcoin exchanges. However, after a massive sell-off by investors
presuming a market correction, bitcoin price experienced a sharp 14 percent 24-hour drop, to
around $2590. Within 24 hours since the fall, bitcoin price recovered in a relatively short period of
time, to $2,750.Amidst bitcoin’s volatile price trend, premiums in China, Japan and South Korea, the
second, third and fourth largest bitcoin exchange markets reemerged. Although the premium rate
demonstrated by the three markets is not as high as it once was, the three markets are trading
bitcoin at around a 10 percent premium in comparison to the US, the largest bitcoin exchange
market.At the time of reporting, bitcoin is being traded in the US for around $2,680. In Japan, bitcoin
is being traded with a $100 premium and in China and Japan, investors are trading bitcoin with a
$200 premium.On June 11, CCN reported that bitcoin price stabilized in the $2,900 region after a
major market correction in late May, as the big three bitcoin exchanges in the Chinese market
including OKCoin, Huobi and BTCC resumed withdrawals for local traders and investors.The
resumption of withdrawals for Chinese traders allowed the Chinese bitcoin exchange market to
surpass Japan and South Korea to reclaim its position as the second largest market behind US. The
Chinese market’s short-term recovery provided the global bitcoin exchange market with stability,
dematerializing premiums in the Japanese and South Korean markets.However, despite the
Chinese market acting as a catalyst to stabilize the global market, bitcoin’s high fluctuation and
volatility led major markets to swing wildly. Such instability led to the resurfacing of high premiums in
major markets, particularly in South Korea.In previous coverage, CCN provided extensive analysis
on the premium rates in South Korea and Japan due to the two countries’ strict anti-money
laundering (AML) policies and regulatory frameworks. Robust AML systems make it extremely
difficult for anyone within and outside of the South Korean and Japanese markets to take advantage
of bitcoin arbitrage opportunities without being flagged by regulatory agencies.More to that, the
instability of the entire cryptocurrency market and the underwhelming performance of the top 30

cryptocurrencies is increasing premium rates in Japan, China and South Korea. Usually, premiums
increase when bitcoin price is lower because investors rush in to buy. In the three above mentioned
markets, premiums have always existed, even when bitcoin price hit its peak at $3,000. Based on
the mid-term bitcoin price trend, premiums on the three markets only dematerializes when the entire
market stabilizes.Additionally, during extreme fluctuations, bitcoin exchanges suffer from outages
due to explosive customer demand. When bitcoin price achieved its all-time high price on June 13,
bitcoin exchanges including Coinbase and BTC-E experienced outages as their servers could not
handle increasing traffic.An official statement from Coinbase read:“Coinbase is currently
experiencing high traffic & customers have receive(d) a ‘service unavailable’ message when visiting
Coinbase.com.”https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/market-instability-causes-bitcoin-price-premiums-
china-south-korea-trading-at-2850/

[2017-06-14] Ray Kurzweil Says He Wouldn’t Put His Money in Bitcoin
but...

Ray Kurzweil Says He Wouldn’t Put His Money in Bitcoin but Doesn’t Dismiss BlockchainPerceived
InstabilityRay Kurzweil, a leading futurist, author, inventor, and the head of Google’s engineering
lab, has made some impressively accurate predictions about the future. However, this may not be
the best news for the burgeoning cryptocurrency, Bitcoin. Kurzweil spoke at the Exponential Finance
Summit in New York City late last week and he had some less than flattering things to say about the
currency. While he may see the value in the decentralization of currency, he doesn’t feel like Bitcoin
is the way forward.read full:
https://futurism.com/ray-kurzweil-says-he-wouldnt-put-his-money-in-bitcoin-but-doesnt-dismiss-block
chain/

[2016-7-11]Bitcoin Allows You to Buy 2016's Most Anticipated Game

No Man’s Sky – arguably 2016’s most anticipated game, or at least a contender for the distinction –
is seeing its developers accept bitcoin as a payment method to purchase the game, due to launch in
August.Integrating bitcoin is a no brainer for digital distribution platforms which are waking up to the
realization that anyone, anywhere in the world can buy games, music or movies with the
cryptocurrency (Netflix is hinting at it
too).https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-allows-buy-2016s-anticipated-game/

[2016-02-16] BTC China Raises $5M

BTC China Raises $5MChinese Bitcoin exchange, BTC China  — the world’s largest by trading
volume according to Bitcoinity.org  — has closed a $5 million Series A from institutional investors
Lightspeed China Partners and Lightspeed Venture Partners. BTC China was bootstrapped prior to
this round, with money put in by its three co-founders, Bobby Lee, Linke Yang, and Xiaoyu
Huang.http://bitcoinagile.com/58265A/as-chinese-investors-pile-into-bitcoin-china-s-oldest-exchange
-btc-china-raises-5m-from_stream

[2017-10-18] Goldman Sachs Still Advises People to buy Gold Over Bitcoin

Goldman Sachs Still Advises People to buy Gold Over BitcoinThe financial sector has no love lost
for Bitcoin and cryptocurrency. Especially major financial players are trying to keep people away
from BTC right now. Goldman Sachs is one of those entities still on the fence about
cryptocurrencies. For now, the bank still advises investors to buy gold over Bitcoin. An interesting

stance, considering Bitcoin is worth four times as
much.http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/10/18/goldman-sachs-still-advises-people-buy-gold-bitcoin/

[2016-10-12] Why Tech Giant Ericsson Wants Blockchain 'Fingerprints' in
the Clou

Swedish telecom networks company Ericsson has built a system for ensuring data integrity,
leveraging blockchain to underpin its growing presence in the cloud.Erik Forsgren, the company’s
director for portfolio management, said that the company has had its system up and running since
January. It grew out of a partnership with GuardTime, a data security startup, first inked in 2014.The
company, which dates back to the late 1800s and employs over 100,000 people worldwide, is a
major player in the global telecom solutions marketplace, reporting over $6bn in second-quarter
sales for this year.However, competition from China and a growing need to innovate in a
fast-moving ecosystem has put the company on the defensive, pushing it to slash jobs and look to
places like the cloud for new paths to growth.But Ericsson is far from alone in exploring the
technology in a bid to keep data honest. Blockchains have long looked at as a means for providing a
record of how data changes over time, with startups and individual developers focusing on the
question of data integrity using both the bitcoin blockchain and other
implementations.http://www.coindesk.com/tech-giant-ericsson-blockchain-fingerprints-cloud/

[2016-07-11] Bitcoin Halving And Its Impact On Bitcoin Price

On July 9, right in accordance with initial schedule, bitcoin mining reward was halved. The event
didn’t come as a surprise – the moment when the mining reward is divided by 2 is commonly known
as Bitcoin halving. Some bitcoiners also call it reward halving, Bitcoin mining reward halving, or
simply the halving or the Halvening.As Satoshi Nakamoto was creating a new digital currency,
bitcoin, he thought out the whole operational principle.  Bitcoin relies on “mining” computers
validating blocks of transactions by competing to solve mathematical puzzles every 10 minutes. The
first computer to succeed gets a reward of 25 new bitcoins, worth around $13,500. Satoshi
Nakamoto decided that the reward must be halved once in four years, in order to keep a lid on
inflation.http://www.coinspeaker.com/2016/07/11/bitcoin-halving-and-its-impact-on-bitcoin-price/

[2017-10-19] Bitcoin will soar to $25,000 in 5 years

QuoteIn the first episode of "the bit," FundStrat Global Advisor co-founder Tom Lee explains
different methodologies for valuing bitcoin. Lee shares his short-term and long-term bitcoin price
targets based on these valuation methods. Following is a transcript of the video.Tom Lee: I'm here
with Sara to talk about why we believe bitcoin could reach $25,000 in 5 years.Sara Silverstein: So
you actually have a few research notes about this.Lee: Yes.Silverstein: And you’re — can you talk
about your short-term model first. Where do you see bitcoin going and what valuation method are
you using?Lee: Yeah, in the short-term we think bitcoin has really followed very closely the idea of
acting like a social network. Meaning the more engagement there is, the greater the value rises. And
in the short-term, we think bitcoin will reach at least $6,000 by mid-2018.Silverstein: And you’re
using Metcalfe’s Law, can you explain that?Lee: Yeah, so Metcalfe’s a professor. He actually came
up with a theorem based on George Gilder, which is the value of a network is the square of the
number of users. And so if you build a very simple model valuing bitcoin as the square function
number of users times the average transaction value. 94% of the bitcoin moved over the past four
years is explained by that equation.Silverstein: Wow. Just to use an example, so this explains the
network effect. Like one fax machine is worthless because there's nobody you can fax. But once all
of your friends have fax machines, it becomes very valuable. So has this been effective in valuing

things, in the past, that have a strong network but weren't producing any money?Lee: Yeah, so
three use cases — or businesses — where Metcalfe’s Law really explain the growth of the market
value, is Facebook, Alibaba, and Google. And these are all examples where the number of users —
like if you double the number of users, you're more than doubling the utility value. It's a little bit like
the commercial in the 70s, you know, Prell. When you tell your friends, and they tell their friends,
and so on.Silverstein: And so your long-term valuation model — you’re looking at it — bitcoin, as a
substitute for gold, as an alternative currency?Lee: Yes, that’s right, and it's really — what we were
trying to do is recognize that the creation of value in the future is in the digital world. I mean, all
future great business are going to be digital. And with that concept, bitcoin represents a store of
value because it's an encrypted — personal encrypted database, that for seven years hasn't been
hacked. I mean, that is a way to store value. And if personal information is our gold, bitcoin is our
digital gold. So we think that the gold market, which is 9 trillion, and for a generation of investors
gold was their store of value. I think this next generation of young people view bitcoin as their store
of value. And if it captures 5% of the gold market, it's worth at least $25,000 per unit.Silverstein: And
that’s the big number, that your — the $25,000 per unit hinges on the 5% of the money going into
gold, going into bitcoin. So how do you come up with the 5%?Lee: We explain this in our research.
It's a very —  it's actually the most conservative collection of elements to get to the 5%. Because
number one, we assume that gold only appreciates essentially a nominal GDP. So there's no
inflation. And we assume that money supply grows at slower rates than it has historically. And then
the 5% number, really reflects the assumption that investors will allocate in their blended portfolio
only 5% to alternative currencies. Today, that allocation is much greater, it's closer to 10% or 15% in
some portfolios. So, but at a 5% allocation that would value bitcoin at $25,000. You could easily get
to $100,000, $200,000 numbers.Link to the video and the full script:
http://uk.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-price-how-to-value-fundstrat-tom-lee-2017-10?r=US&IR=T

[2016-02-15] Coinbase CEO Armstrong Sets $5,000 Wager That Bitcoin
Fork Works...

Coinbase CEO Armstrong Sets $5,000 Wager That Bitcoin Fork Works out FineBrian Armstrong,
CEO and also founder of Coinbase, asserts bitcoin is updating instead compared to splitting on
account of Bitcoin Standard, and he wants to wager anybody $ 5,000 that he’s ideal. Armstrong,
writing on Medium, stated tough forks are just one of the most important bitcoin technologies and
having several groups working with the bitcoin protocol is a
[…]https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/coinbase-ceo-armstrong-sets-5000-wager-that-bitcoin-fork-wo
rks-out-fine/

[2017-06-09] You can't hold a bitcoin, but the web currency's value has...

You can't hold a bitcoin, but the web currency's value has skyrocketed. Why?Even so, there is
excitement - and speculation. And a wild rollercoaster ride.The price of bitcoin has more than tripled
in the past six months. At one point in May, the value of a single bitcoin spiked above $3,000, only
to yo-yo back down to around $2,245, before nearly hitting $3,000 again on Tuesday. Daily price
fluctuations have been as high as $200 or $300.Once only a curiosity with strong appeal to
libertarians and technologists, bitcoin's supporters now include hedge fund managers, titans of
industry and a former Treasury secretary. Some say the currency - and its unique underlying
technology - have crossed a threshold of respectability, even as new problems loom."I love this
stuff," the chief executive of Fidelity Investments, Abigail P. Johnson, said in New York City May 23
at a conference on digital currencies and the decentralized, tamper-resistant so-called blockchain
technology that supports them. She noted that the cafeteria at Boston-based Fidelity now accepts
payment in bitcoin. Employees can approach a payment terminal and scan a machine-readable
code on their smartphones.She suggested that bitcoin's underlying technology may be part of a

revolution."What if this technology could do for the transfer of value what the internet did for the
transfer of information?" Johnson asked.Some mystery surrounds the emergence of bitcoin in
January 2009. It was the brainchild of Satoshi Nakamoto, who invented the electronic cash system
and the seamless underlying database that makes each linked computer a continuously
synchronizing repository of all current and past transactions. Nakamoto is likely a pseudonym. No
one knows if Nakamoto is a he or she, or a group of people. After introducing bitcoin, Nakamoto
vanished.What remains is a universal currency, independent of government or bank. Transactions
are verified and recorded through a database shared on at least 10,000 computers spread around
the world. No one owns the bitcoin system but anyone can participate. Experts say its genius is its
simplicity. No middlemen extract fees.The first known transaction occurred on May 22, 2010. A
programmer on a Bitcoin Talk forum paid another user 10,000 bitcoin to buy two Papa John's
pizzas. Bitcoins were worth pennies then. If he still had those 10,000 bitcoin, the programmer,
Laszlo Hanyecz, would have more than $22.4 million today.Read more at:
https://phys.org/news/2017-06-bitcoin-web-currency-skyrocketed.html#jCp

[2019-04-26] CNBC: Bitcoin price falls on NY AG Bitfinex probe 

more unwanted attention for bitfinex and tether. the new york attorney general has filed court orders
against bitfinex and tether. the state alleges tether is defrauding clients, citing an $850 million "loss"
that bitfinex allegedly covered using tether customer funds. more fuel for the fire re the tether
insolvency rumors
eh?https://www.cnbc.com/2019/04/26/cryptocurrency-bitcoin-price-falls-on-ny-ag-bitfinex-probe.html
QuoteThe cryptocurrency market shed about $10 billion in value in the space of an hour late
Thursday, CoinMarketCap data showed.New York’s top lawyer alleges Bitfinex used at least $700
million from Tether’s cash reserves to cover up an $850 million loss.Questions have arisen over
whether Tether has enough dollar reserves to justify its token’s dollar peg and whether it was used
to manipulate prices.bitfinex quickly issued a response:
https://www.bitfinex.com/posts/356QuoteEarlier today, the New York Attorney General’s office
released an order it obtained – without notice or a hearing – in an attempt to compel Bitfinex and
Tether to provide certain documents and seeking certain injunctive relief.The New York Attorney
General’s court filings were written in bad faith and are riddled with false assertions, including as to
a purported $850 million “loss” at Crypto Capital. On the contrary, we have been informed that these
Crypto Capital amounts are not lost but have been, in fact, seized and safeguarded. We are and
have been actively working to exercise our rights and remedies and get those funds released.
Sadly, the New York Attorney General’s office seems to be intent on undermining those efforts to
the detriment of our customers.Bitfinex and Tether have been fully cooperative with the New York
Attorney General’s office, as both companies are with all regulators. The New York Attorney
General’s office should focus its efforts on trying to aid and support our recovery efforts.Both Bitfinex
and Tether are financially strong – full stop. And both Bitfinex and Tether are committed to fighting
this gross overreach by the New York Attorney General’s office against companies that are good
corporate citizens and strong supporters of law enforcement. Bitfinex and Tether will vigorously
challenge this, and any and all other actions, by the New York Attorney General’s office.

[2016-05-02] Banks, tech companies move on from bitcoin to blockchain

 As a debate raged across the internet Monday over whether the mysterious founder of the bitcoin
digital currency had finally been identified, executives at a major bitcoin conference in New York had
a simple message: we've moved on.That's because bitcoin, the digital currency, has largely been
supplanted by blockchain, the technology that underlies it, as the main interest of investors,
technology companies and financial
institutions.http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-bitcoin-blockchain-idUSKCN0XT23Y

[2017-1-22]Samourai Wallet Introduces Bitcoin via SMS Text Message

Quote from:
https://news.bitcoin.com/samourai-wallet-introduces-bitcoin-via-sms-text-messages-for-censorship-r
esistanceSamourai Wallet Introduces Bitcoin via SMS Text Message for Censorship
ResistanceBitcoin privacy wallet pioneers Samourai Wallet have announced a new proprietary app
called Pony Direct, a transaction payment method (or to act as a relay) to send bitcoin via short
message service (SMS), popularly used for texting. It’s a creative way to improve upon censorship
resistance.  T Dev D of Samourai Wallet explained to News.Bitcoin.com: “Pony Direct can be used
to forward bitcoin transactions via SMS even when internet connections are blocked or shut down.
Simply using the app to send a transaction via SMS to any cooperating and internet-connected
Android device will effectively route around any internet censorship being practiced where the
sender is located.”Read full
https://news.bitcoin.com/samourai-wallet-introduces-bitcoin-via-sms-text-messages-for-censorship-r
esistance/

[2017-10-18] Bitcoin Fork SegWit2x Makes Enemies In Brazil, Argentina
As 50 Sign

A group of Latin American Bitcoin businesses and entities has issued a joint letter expressing
“deepest concerns” over SegWit2x.The letter, signed by around 50 supporters from the Brazilian
and Argentinian Bitcoin space, went live on Medium Wednesday.The collective “opposition” to the
forthcoming Bitcoin hard fork is the the latest to come from the industry, which has already seen
exchanges and others signal public condemnation.Last week, South Korea’s largest Bitcoin meetup
released a similar open statement denouncing SegWit2x.“We do believe the NYA signatories have
the best of intentions in attempting to improve Bitcoin’s protocol, and we also recognize the
invaluable service historically provided by the companies and the talented individuals associated
with S2X,” the Brazilian-Argentinian letter reads.continue
reading...https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-fork-segwit2x-makes-enemies-in-brazil-argentina-a
s-50-sign-opposition-letter 

[2016-07-09] news.bitcoin.com-U.S. Gov’t Announces Blockchain
Healthcare Contest

U.S. Gov’t Announces Blockchain Healthcare ContestThe contest — called the “Blockchain and Its
Emerging Role in Healthcare and Health-related Research,” created by HHS — started accepting
registrants on June 20th, with a deadline for application ending July 29th. The goal is to have
participants create white papers on the topic of blockchain technology and its use cases within the
healthcare industry.healthcareEntries will be judged in August, with the winners of the contest being
invited to an industry-wide workshop, which is backed and co-hosted by the National Institute of
Standards and Technology (NIST). Winner presentations will begin this September among industry
leaders and executives.READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/us-government-blockchain-healthcare/

[2016-07-09]Pound Sterling Worst Performer of 2016 As Bitcoin Trucks On

Pound Sterling Worst Performer of 2016 As Bitcoin Trucks OnMost people are well aware of how
the Argentine Peso is not having the best time of its long life so far. The currency is plagued by

inflation, and holding Pesos is not the best course of action right now. But the British Pound is
having an even worse time since the Brexit. In fact, the Pound Sterling is the world’s
worst-performing currency as we
speak...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/07/09/pound-sterling-worst-performer-2016-bitcoin-trucks/

[2017-04-22]Billionaire Investor Has 10% of His Money in Bitcoin & Ether

Billionaire investor Mike Novogratz has said that he is holding ten percent of his net worth in digital
currencies such as Bitcoin and Ether.Speaking at a recent forum held at the Harvard Business
School Club of New York, Novogratz, who is a former hedge fund manager at Fortress Investment
Group and a Goldman Sachs partner, made the Forbes billionaire list in 2008.According to a report
from CNN Money, during his talk, Novogratz declined to disclose how much his net worth was, but
said that investing in the digital currency space, was:// Get exclusive analysis of bitcoin and learn
from our tutorials. Join Hacked.com for just $39 now. //The best investment of my life.The Rise and
Fall of BitcoinJust this year alone, bitcoin has had a rollercoaster ride that has seen its price rise to a
high of $1,350 at the beginning of March and then drop below $1,000 after the SEC’s ETF rejection
before steadily picking itself up again to trade around the $1,200 today. Certainly not an investment
choice for the fainted hearted, the digital currency space is surpassing most people’s expectations
and appears to be continuing its upward trend.So much so, that Novogratz is of the opinion that the
price of Bitcoin could increase to as high as $2,000. He’s not the only one, though, who is projecting
high prices for the currency. Bobby Lee, BTCC’s co-founder and CEO, predicted late February that
Bitcoin could increase to between $5,000 and $11,000 by 2020, after the block reward
halving.However, while Novogratz seems happy with his investments in Bitcoin, he added during his
talk that there could be ‘a bubble’ in digital currencies. One way that he is avoiding any potential
pitfalls is by also investing in the second largest digital currency, Ether.When the billionaire initially
invested in Ethereum, it was worth around $1; today, its price has risen to just under $50.Interest in
Ether PiquesWhen Novogratz was still at Fortress Investment Group, he helped the company invest
in bitcoin.However, since leaving at the end of 2015, the former hedge fund manager has been
showing a keen interest in Bitcoin’s rival cryptocurrency, Ether, which has attracted a large following
who are keen for its value to rise.For those who can, it appears as though investing in the digital
currency space is becoming a viable method to make some money.How long it remains is to be
seen, but while it’s important to know when to invest in the currency, it’s just as important to know
when to sell
too.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/billionaire-investor-has-10-of-his-money-in-bitcoin-ether/

[2016-10-10]Bitcoin Adoption in India May Surge during Diwali Festival

Bitcoin Adoption in India May Surge during Diwali FestivalFestivals and celebrations have quite an
effect on Bitcoin. While people celebrate with their friends and family during the holiday season, the
adoption and number of Bitcoin transactions tend to increase as well. The variations are usually
visible days if not weeks before the holiday season. Like Christmas and New Year, the Hindu
festival of lights — Diwali is a huge deal in
India...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/10/09/bitcoin-adoption-in-india-may-surge-during-diwali-festival
/

[2015-12-28] Bitcoin Hit 100 Million Transactions and 15 Million Coins on
Christ

Bitcoin Hit 100 Million Transactions and 15 Million Coins on ChristmasIt was an eventful long
weekend for Bitcoin, which reached a symbolic milestone when the 100 millionth transaction was

recorded.It was an eventful long weekend for Bitcoin. On Christmas Day, it reached a symbolic
milestone when the 100 millionth transaction was recorded on its network.The number of
transactions per day has been steadily growing over time. The phenomenon is interpreted by some
as evidence of the increasing adoption of Bitcoin, though most of the transactions are not
commercial in
nature.http://www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/news/bitcoin-hit-100-million-transactions-an
d-15-million-coins-on-christmas/

[2019-05-04] Ran NeuNer: The Bull Market Is Finally Here!

QuoteThings are getting pretty interesting in the crypto market as Bitcoin mounts a surge up to cross
the $5,700 mark. That just happened within the last 12 hours. Just yesterday, the top crypto was still
stuck at the $5,500 range. Now that Bitcoin seems to be catching up on the sentiment, a lot of
people still anticipate a serious bull run. One of such people is Ran NueNer, a blockchain optimist
and host of CNBC’s Crypto Trader. According to Ran, the crypto market is now in a bull
market.Source: ZyCryptoAt the time of writing, Bitcoin is up by 2.88% and is trading at around
$5,827.72 with a total market cap of $103,039,430,699 as seen at CoinMarketCap.com. Do you
think the bull run really starts? Kindly share your thoughts, thank you.

 [2016-05-02] Coin Cloud Moves To Spread Bitcoin ATMs Across The
United States

Considering the emerging opportunities in the US for Bitcoin as an alternative financial option, as
proven by the activities of already installed BTMs, Coin Cloud plans to continue its rapid expansion
nationwide.Read More

[2017-10-16] Bitcoin SegWit2x Hard Fork Benefits Not Visible: Bruce
Fenton

Bitcoin Foundation executive director Bruce Fenton has become the latest high-profile Bitcoin
personality to criticize SegWit2x.In comments on Twitter Sunday, Fenton triggered responses from
other well-known Bitcoin industry and community figures after he wrote that he “didn’t see the
benefit” of the hard fork.“What's the end goal? Switching dev teams alone?” he asked. “What makes
it worth it? ROI?”SegWit2x’s imminent activation has led to increasingly hostile rhetoric from
supporters of Bitcoin Core, who frequently suggest the fork is an attempt to unseat its developers as
a “hostile takeover.”Fenton stopped short of stating outright SegWit2x would be hostile to Bitcoin,
instead appearing to reinforce the futility of the operation.“If the goal is to simply to honor
agreements then people shouldn't have made those agreements to begin with,” he added in a
further tweet.Reacting, others could not agree on whether the goal of November’s fork was to switch
development teams.“I don't think goal is to switch, but to coerce Core to adopt block size increase,”
BitGo engineer Jameson Lopp wrote, while entrepreneur Tuur Demeester conversely stated his
opinion to the contrary.Despite the supposed threat posed to Bitcoin network stability, prices have
increased in the run-up to the fork’s November 18 deadline.Meanwhile, the fifth hard fork of
Ethereum occurred problem-free over the weekend, with prices rising towards
$350.https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-segwit2x-hard-fork-benefits-not-visible-bruce-fenton

[2018-05-14] Pakistanis Find Ways to Trade Bitcoin Rendering Ban
Ineffective

The crypto ban in Pakistan is proving to be not as effective as expected. If anything, the State Bank
has barred commercial banks and financial firms from dealing in cryptocurrency which, of course,
makes life harder for local exchanges. Individual traders, however, are finding alternative ways to
acquire or sell cryptocurrencies, defying the warnings and the prohibitions.     Central Bank Can’t
Ban Cryptocurrency in PakistanPakistan’s experience with cryptocurrencies offers another example
of how ineffective financial authorities can be when trying to fill a legal vacuum with prohibitive
administrative measures. Central banks often forget they are neither parliaments, nor governments,
and their regulatory overreach cannot legitimately substitute the normal legal process. The recent
decision of the State Bank of Pakistan to ban crypto-related activities proves that observation.In
early April, the SBP issued a circular on the “prohibition of dealing in virtual currencies”, right after a
similar measure by the Reserve Bank of India, the regional rival. Unlike their Indian colleagues, who
gave banks and traders three months to comply, Pakistani central bankers imposed the ban with
immediate effect. SBP said virtual currencies and tokens were not legal tender and reminded it had
not authorized any individual or entity to issue, sell, purchase, or exchange any such coins in
Pakistan. All banks, microfinance entities, payment system operators and service providers were
“advised to refrain” from dealing in cryptocurrencies.Read more:
https://news.bitcoin.com/pakistanis-find-ways-to-trade-bitcoin-rendering-ban-ineffective/

[2016-10-08] Smithsonian Museum Features Bitcoin in Historical Money
Exhibit

Smithsonian Museum Features Bitcoin in Historical Money ExhibitJust recently on Reddit, someone
shared some great snapshots of Bitcoin’s role in the Smithsonian Numismatic collection. The exhibit
is a tribute to how the concept of money has changed fundamentally throughout society. It starts
with the earliest origins of currency and goes all the way to present time, with digital fiat and
cryptocurrencies.https://news.bitcoin.com/smithsonian-bitcoin-money-exhibit/

[2016-07-07] North Carolina to license cryptocurrency payments

North Carolina to license cryptocurrency paymentsNorth Carolina governor has signed an amended
bill on money transmitters introducing “virtual currency” as an official term and imposing the
licensing on the companies transferring
it.http://www.coinfox.info/news/5874-severnaya-karolina-vvodit-litsenzirovanie-operatorov-denezhny
kh-perevodov-v-kriptovalyute-2

[2016-10-07] How Blockchain Technology will Transform Government

Governments around the world are starting to appreciate the multifaceted use of blockchain
technology and are looking to adopt the blockchain in various ways, such as the government of
Dubai, who are using the technology to cut down on bureaucracy.In modern society, we continue to
experience digitalization in many aspects of our lives, which is transforming the way we shop, stay in
touch with our friends and family, and how we conduct business. However, elections and many
other functions of government continue to take place offline, on paper and the realization of
blockchain’s potential will inevitably lead to an e-voting system, as well as other
advancements...Read more
here:https://btcmanager.com/news/tech/dubai-and-eu-give-a-peek-into-how-blockchain-can-transfor
m-government/Follow BTCManager for the Latest on Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin!

[2018-05-13] Cryptocurrency Market Begins Recovery

Cryptocurrency Market Begins Recovery, Ethereum up 5%, Ontology and Storm up 12%.The
cryptocurrency market has begun to recover as major cryptocurrencies including Ether and EOS
recorded gains of more than 5 percent over the past 24 hours. Tokens such as Ontology (ONT),
Storm (STORM), and Tron (TRX) demonstrated gains in the 10 to 15 percent region.Tokens LeadAs
the bitcoin price struggled against the US dollar and demonstrated significant losses throughout May
10 to 12, small cryptocurrencies and tokens experienced relatively large losses against both bitcoin
and the US dollar.Tokens like ONT, TRX, Storm, 0x (ZRX), WanChain (WAN), and ICON (ICX),
which have seen a two-fold increase against bitcoin on average since early April, fell by more than
15 percent against bitcoin.Ontology in particular dipped below 0.00073 bitcoin, a level it has not
dropped to since April 27. But, as the cryptocurrency market started to recover and bitcoin
rebounded from $8,100 to $8,500, the price of Ontology surged from 0.0007 BTC to 0.0009 BTC, by
nearly 20 percent within a 24-hour period.Currently, the Relative Strength Index (RSI) and the
Williams Percent Range (WPR) of bitcoin are respectively at 44.7 and -81.1, which signify that
bitcoin is currently in a neutral zone. Bitcoin is at an ideal position to initiate a short-term rally and
recovery over the next few days, despite the sell signals of both exponential and simple moving
averages.Most tokens including Ontology and Tron have followed the price trend of bitcoin over the
past 48 hours, increasing in value if the bitcoin price surges upwards and recording large losses as
the bitcoin price drops.Hence, if bitcoin continues to climb to the $9,000 mark, which is likely given
the 4 percent increase in the price of bitcoin over the past 24 hours, tokens like ONT, ZRX, TRX,
and STORM are expected to record relatively large gains in the short-term.EOS, which has
increased by more than 200 percent from mid-April to May, has dropped by nearly 40 percent over
the past two weeks. On April 29, the price of EOS was at 0.0024 BTC and as of May 13, the price of
EOS remains below 0.00165 BTC. As bitcoin begins to recover, tokens like EOS that have seen
large losses in value in the past few days will likely recover first, ahead of others.Where Does
Bitcoin Price go?Many traders and investors expect the price of bitcoin to rebound throughout and
after the Blockchain Week in New York next week, given historical evidence and data. Bitcoin has
typically increased by large margins after the Consensus cryptocurrency conference, as mainstream
media outlets and institutional investors develop interest towards the market and the industry.
Fundstrat’s research revealed the correlation between Consensus and the price of
bitcoin.Considering the reports around the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Goldman Sachs
entering the cryptocurrency market within 2018, it is likely that the Consensus 2018 event will trigger
a rise in demand for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the market like
Ethereum.https://www.ccn.com/cryptocurrency-market-begins-recovery-ethereum-up-5-ontology-an
d-storm-up-12/

[2015-12-27] Factom Stalls Honduras Land Title Registry Initiative

Blockchain-based record keeping solutions provider Factom has officially stalled its Honduras land
title registry initiative announced earlier this year, due to complex political issues and
procedures.The company has communicated with policy experts and land title software developers
to discuss the future of its
project.http://www.newsbtc.com/2015/12/26/factom-stalls-honduras-land-title-registry-initiative/

[2016-10-06]Bank of Ireland to Invest $588 Million on Upgrading Finance

Bank of Ireland to Invest $588 Million on Upgrading FinanceBank of Ireland recently announced that
it will invest a total of €500 million in order to revamp its banking IT infrastructure.Project OMEGA,
as the new undertaking is titled, will mainly focus on improving the bank’s operating model, as well
as on introducing advanced data analytics and compliance solutions.Richie Boucher, the Chief
Executive of the Bank of Ireland, stated that they will focus on creating a “more scalable and modern

platform” to ensure “long-term sustainability and competitiveness.” Boucher further confirmed that
Project OMEGA will be handled by Temenos, the world’s leading banking solutions
provider...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/10/06/bank-of-ireland-upgrades-banking-systems/

[2016-10-06]The Average ATM Withdrawal Fee is Now 9% Of The Total
Amount

The Average ATM Withdrawal Fee is Now 9% Of The Total AmountOut-of-network ATMs are not all
that uncommon, as only half of all teller machines are operated by banks themselves. Convenience
stores or other places offering cash withdrawal services through an ATM need to pay for
maintenance and operation fees themselves. Additionally, they will also need to provide security and
ensure there are enough cash reserves, to begin
with...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/10/06/average-atm-withdrawal-fee-now-9-total-amount/

[2017-06-07] Senior Chinese Official Says Bitcoin and Ethereum are of
National..

Senior Chinese Official Says Bitcoin and Ethereum are of National InterestYao Qian, the Deputy
Director of the Science and Technology Department at the People’s Bank of China, China’s central
bank, recently authored an extensive report on digital currencies. In the report, Yao Qian highlights
many of the advantages and disadvantages of digital currencies, focusing much of his analysis on
how bitcoin (and by extension, all cryptocurrencies) are more of a quasi-currency.China’s National
Interest in BitcoinThe report was loosely translated into English using Google translate but Redditor
u/qwertyubb, a native Chinese speaker, filled in some of the more nuanced statements. Quoting
Yao Qian in the report: 
    At present, this country (China) is very harsh on bitcoin, but in a certain
sense, on top of the basis of prudence, we should also give special consideration and open to the
top ten ICO companies based on market value. On one hand, (being open to cryptocurrency) will
provide everyone with an opportunity to invest – it’s possible to invest in a black technology, but it’s
better than buying some junk stocks (prevalent in China’s stock markets). On the other hand, from a
national perspective, neighboring countries, including Japan, South Korea, and Singapore, are
encouraging the development of bitcoin, which they consider to be quality assets. Not to mention
this can promote the financial technology industry innovation, at least holding high-quality assets is
in line with nationalinterests. 
traditional payment blockchain) has relatively fast breakthrough – taking into account the rising
momentum of the currency, it is possible to surpass the bitcoin.  (parentheses added by
u/qwertyubb)I’ve highlighted and emphasized two portions of the statement that could have huge
implications for the cryptocurrency market going forward. First, the most surprising aspect of the
report is the fact that for probably the first time ever, a senior Chinese banking official has spoken of
China’s national interests as it relates to the burgeoning cryptocoin market. It might be just a
coincidence that just last week, the three largest cryptocurrency exchanges in China resumed
allowing investors to withdraw coins after a four-month moratorium. Some have speculated that the
moratorium was ended after the exchanges agreed to new restrictions imposed by China, which
makes sense given China’s interest in regulating a market it now sees as a “national interest”.
u/qwertyubb speculates that China could very well be using these exchanges to secretly purchase
cryptocurrency as reserves.more:
https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2017/06/101570-senior-chinese-official-says-bitcoin-ethereum-na
tional-interest/

   Because of Ethereum, the smart contract side (in contrast to

     

[2019-04-25] Samsung Ploughs $2.9 Mln into Crypto Hardware Wallet
Giant Ledger

 South Korea’s biggest conglomerate and one of the world’s largest brands, has invested $2.9
million in crypto hardware wallet manufacturer and custodial service provider Ledger in a high-profile
deal.The multi-million dollar investment in Ledger by Samsung comes less than a week after
Samsung Ventures led a $4 million round in ZenGo, a startup developing keyless crypto wallets.The
commitment of Samsung in the crypto sector is likely to act as a catalyst that recovers the
confidence of investors in the long-term prospect of the market.See more -
https://www.ccn.com/samsung-ploughs-2-9-million-into-crypto-hardware-wallet-giant-ledger

[2016-10-06] No R3: Overstock Plots Blockchain Consortium For
'Everyone Else'

Online retail giant and upstart blockchain innovator Overstock has begun work on its own blockchain
consortium.To be called "Revolution 4", the project is envisioned as a way for the company, long
one of the most bullish on blockchain, to share its technology and regulatory expertise as it relates
to the emerging tech. In a new interview, Revolution 4 president John Tabacco said Overstock is
seeking to launch the effort for small businesses, FinTech firms and startups, and that it is currently
seeking partners.Tabacco lauded the work R3 has done in creating a meeting place for large banks
and institutions, however, he expressed a desire to extend the startup's model to participants that
haven't yet been courted by the industry's dominant collaborative, or that have been priced out of
the group.http://www.coindesk.com/no-r3-overstock-plots-blockchain-consortium-for-everyone-else/

[2019-04-20]Brazil: Heighest Inflation In 4 Yrs Propels Bitcoin Volume to
Record

Brazil: Heighest Inflation In 4 Yrs Propels Bitcoin Volume to RecordThe inflation rate in Brazil, the
world’s ninth largest economy, spiked to its highest level in four years, driving more people to
Bitcoin, as indicated by the recent rise in Bitcoin trading
volumes.https://bitcoinist.com/brazil-highest-inflation-in-4-years-amid-record-bitcoin-trading-volume/

[2019-04-18]Will we Observe Bitcoin Sign on the Spire of Notre Dame?

The famous Cathedral in France was heavily damaged by fire on Monday. As a result of the fire, the
roof collapsed and the spire of the building fell. France’s President Emmanuel Macron has promised
to restore Notre Dame de Paris. French billionaires, large corporations as well as bitcoin
philanthropists have made donations for restoring the building.Read the details in the article of
Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet: http://bit.ly/2IO63pD

[2018-01-18] China’s Alibaba Says New P2P Platform Is Not
Crypto-Related

China’s Alibaba Says New P2P Platform Is Not Crypto-RelatedFollowing recent reports that Chinese
e-commerce conglomerate Alibaba launched its own cryptocurrency mining platform, the company
has issued an official statement Tuesday, Jan. 16, denying that its platform is related to either virtual
currencies or their mining.According to the official statement, published on the microblogging
platform Weibo, Alibaba’s recently launched platform ‘P2P Nodes’ has been mistakenly reported as
cryptocurrency-related.The statement further clarifies that the platform is actually a peer-to-peer
(P2P) Content Delivery Network (CDN) service provided by Alibaba Cloud designed to allow users
to improve their network speed by sharing unused broadband connections with each other.P2P

Nodes credits users with points for validating data on its network, a concept which might sound
similar to how Bitcoin miners earn bitcoins for processing transactions.However, according to
Alibaba’s statement, the points in P2P Nodes are not cryptocurrency-based, cannot function as a
currency and can only be exchanged for items in the platform’s own gift shop.The company’s
statement further reads:    “We reiterate that Alibaba Cloud has never issued a Bitcoin-like virtual
currency, and it will not host any [cryptocurrency] mining platforms”Amidst continuing reports of
Alibaba’s new “mining platform”, the P2P Nodes website is no longer online, according to the
CnLedger news outlet.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/chinas-alibaba-says-new-p2p-platform-is-not-crypto-related

[2018-1-18] First Bitcoin Futures Contract Expires At $10,900, ‘Win for
Bears’

The Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE)’s first Bitcoin futures contract closed Wednesday,
Jan. 17, at $10,900 after a relatively turbulent week in the crypto market had briefly brought Bitcoin’s
(BTC) price below $10,000.By Jan. 9, there were 1,907 short position contracts for Bitcoin futures on
CBOE. When the futures closed on Jan. 16, BTC had gone down about 36 percent.Reuters reported
on the futures contract closing as a “win for bitcoin bears over the bulls.”CBOE chief executive Ed
Tilly told the Financial Times:“[The] market experienced a smooth operational close and the
settlement process worked as designed.”CBOE launched the BTC futures trading on Dec. 11,
attracting so much trading volume to their site that it temporarily went down. The day of the launch,
BTC prices remained between around $16,500 and $17,500.Looking back to before their launch, a
Nov. 2017 CBOE blog post by CFA Russell Rhoads speculating on the unknown potential of Bitcoin
futures reads:“The question I am constantly hearing is, ‘How will the futures prices relate to spot
bitcoin pricing’, and the best (and most honest) answer I can give is, ‘I don’t know’ [...] I’ve heard
arguments for the futures trading at both a premium and a discount to the spot price, personally I
think the best strategy is to see what the market tells us when bitcoin futures are available for
trading.”CME Group launched the world’s second Bitcoin futures trading on Dec. 18, with each
contract representing five bitcoins, whereas CBOE’s contracts each represent one bitcoin. CME’s
first Bitcoin contracts will expire January 26.Cointelegraph wrote in early January that the release of
Bitcoin futures is an indication that more institutions, like those on Wall Street, are becoming willing
to recognize Bitcoin as a
legitimate****et.https://cointelegraph.com/news/first-bitcoin-futures-contract-expires-at-10900-win-for
-bears

[2016-10-5] The mass adoption of Blockchain technologies is becoming
inevitable

PricewaterhouseCoppers (PwC) recently recently hosted a discussion for the Asset and Wealth
Management (AWM) sector to specifically look at the application and potential of distributed ledger
technology on their business. “From our work across the financial services sector, it is clear to us
that Blockchain applications have the potential to transform the industry,” said Steve Webb, Partner
at PwC & UK lead for Blockchain. “Blockchain is not just hype – there is real interest in this
topic.”http://bravenewcoin.com/news/the-mass-adoption-of-blockchain-technologies-is-becoming-ine
vitable-says-pwc/

[2016-02-09] Global Tax LLC Announces FREE Consultation on Bitcoin &
Taxes

Global Tax is the premier US accounting firm in the Bitcoin/blockchain industry.Tax season has

arrived, and we are offering a FREE consultation on Bitcoin & Taxes."Whether you’re trading digital
currencies full time, just sold the bitcoins you mined in 2011 or simply want to accurately report your
Bitcoin activity, we understand your situation.  We keep current with the latest industry and
regulatory developments and, like you, we’re excited about Bitcoin’s potential," said Global Tax LLC
Owner Daniel Winters.All of the below activities generate taxable income and should be reported to
the IRS:Working for Bitcoin as a contractor or employeeSelling or Trading BitcoinSelling items online
and receiving Bitcoin as
paymenthttp://www.coindesk.com/press-releases/global-tax-llc-announces-free-consultation-bitcoin-t
axes/

[2016-10-04] EU Parliament Asks "What If?" for Bitcoin Blockchain-Based
Election

EU Parliament Asks "What If?" for Bitcoin Blockchain-Based ElectionsCalling electronic voting
“inevitable,” a new paper by Philip Bucher for the European Parliament speculates on the possibility
of Bitcoin’s revolutionary blockchain technology to bring transparency, efficiency, and greater
fairness to elections in its various member
democracies.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/eu-parliament-asks-what-if-for-bitcoin-blockchain-ba
sed-elections/

[2018-1-17] Ron Paul on Bitcoin; ‘Peoople Should Have The Right To
Choose`

This time last year, Bitcoin and its brethren were only in the realm of tech geeks and crypto fanatics.
What a difference a year can make. Today it is a household name which has attracted the attention
of governments across the planet. A number of bankers and politicians have spoken out about
Bitcoin, either extolling its virtues or demonizing it. The latest is former Republican Ron
Paul.According to reports, the politician says he is all for Bitcoin as an alternative currency, providing
everything about the controversial cryptocurrency is legal. The former Texan congressman told CNN
that he introduced legislation to allow competing currencies when he was in Congress because he
hates the current system.FLAWED SYSTEMBig bankers have voiced their views which are pretty
predictable, cryptocurrencies threaten the banking business model which is to profit from the money
of other people. Top voices on markets from economist Robert Shiller to JP Morgan Chase chief
Jamie Dimon have warned people off buying Bitcoin. Ron Paul has recognized the flaws in the
existing monetary system and is critical of it;"I abhor the system that we have. The official
counterfeiters are at the Federal Reserve. That is a big misstep and a big problem. So people
should have the right to choose. They did originally when money started. Then they picked gold and
silver. And the government has taken over and abused that standard and monopolized it. And
destroyed it in this country."He is in favor of legalizing alternative currencies as long as they are not
used for fraudulent purposes.NOT TANGIBLEThe former GOP presidential candidate went on to
state that things have not been tangible since 1971 and the end of the gold standard when the
currency was directly linked to the value of gold."I think the jury’s out on how far they’re going to go
with cryptocurrencies acting as money. Right now, I don’t see it because, in my studies of monetary
history, it’s always been something tangible. People want something tangible. Somebody has to sort
it out if it [cryptocurrency] ever becomes money. But I have questions because historically, money
should be something that’s tangible, but it should be legal, as long as there’s no fraud."Bitcoin and
cryptocurrencies are becoming more accepted with major exchanges in the US offering contracts on
them, more are likely to follow this year.http://bitcoinist.com/republican-ron-paul-on-bitcoin/

[2016-10-04] Low tax Zug aims to become 'Crypto Valley'

The small Swiss canton of Zug, famed for the low taxes that have drawn multinational companies
and hedge funds to its lakeside shores, is trying to turn itself into a hub for virtual currency
firms.Over the past half century Zug has transformed itself from "the poorhouse of Switzerland",
sustained by fishing and manufacturing, into a headquarters for commodity giant Glencore and a
home to the outposts of hundreds of global companies, becoming one of the country's wealthiest
provinces.But with tax reforms and the end of banking secrecy posing a threat to its business model,
the canton wants to re-invent itself as a "Crypto Valley" - a base for start-up companies using virtual
currencies like bitcoin and related technology.In July, the town of Zug, the cantonal capital, launched
a pilot program allowing residents to make bitcoin payments for government services - a world first,
according to Swiss
media.https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/low-tax-zug-aims-become-030133483.html

[2017-01-17]215,000+ Sign Petition Against South Korean Crypto
Regulation – Gove

215,000+ Sign Petition Against South Korean Crypto Regulation – Government to RespondA
national petition against extreme cryptocurrency regulations in South Korea has exceeded 200,000
signatures, the requirement for the government to respond. The petition entitled “Has the
government ever dreamed a happy dream for the people?” was filed on December 28. Meanwhile,
another related petition calls for the removal of the governor of the country’s Financial Supervisory
Service.Government Will RespondThe South Korean government announced a series of regulatory
measures for cryptocurrencies in December. Immediately following the announcement on December
28, a national petition entitled “Has the government ever dreamed a happy dream for the people?”
was filed and will run through January 27. According to the rules set by the Blue House, if more than
200,000 people sign a petition within a month, the government will respond within 30 days.On
Tuesday, January 16, the number of signatures exceeded that threshold for the above petition, with
215,140 signatories at the time of writing.Concerning illegal gambling, the author argues “people are
not stupid. In the current era, virtual currency is invested because it is judged to be the 4th
revolution and it is not just a random investment…I invest wisely to the extent that I do not overdo
my money.”After acknowledging the risks, the author emphasized:The petition does not object to the
real-name system which regulators are trying to implement or taxes that must be imposed. However,
“Please do not take away our happiness and dreams that we had for the first time in Korea,” it
concludes.Another Petition and A Constitutional Court CaseOn December 28, another national
petition was filed. It “calls for the dismissal of Choi Heung-shik, the director of the Financial
Supervisory Service, who is offering speculation to the people,” the document states.This filing was
in response to a speech Choi gave on December 28 in which he reportedly said it is a good bet that
bitcoin’s bubble will burst. “Bitcoin will lose its bubble later. You can bet,” Hankook-Ilbo and other
news outlets quoted him. At the time of writing, 37,911 people have signed this petition but the count
is still rising.Meanwhile, the country’s Constitutional Court has entered into a preliminary hearing on
the case against cryptocurrency regulation filed on December 30. Anguk Law Offices appealed “over
the government’s regulations on cryptocurrency trading, saying regulating the trade through
administrative guidance without any legal grounds is an infringement of property rights,” the Korea
Times explained.The court will examine whether the constitutional appeal is appropriate and
whether a full-scale trial is necessary.Source:
https://news.bitcoin.com/petition-against-south-korean-crypto-regulation-government-respond/

[2015-12-24] Daniel Masters: bitcoin price to hit new maximum in 2016

Daniel Masters: bitcoin price to hit new maximum in 2016The price of bitcoin, which is well-known
for its high volatility, might exceed its maximum reached in 2013 and more than double next year,

due to the halving of bitcoin reward, thinks Daniel Masters, director of Global Advisors Bitcoin
Investment.http://www.coinfox.info/news/4171-deniel-masters-v-2016-godu-tsena-na-bitkoin-mozhet
-vyrasti-vdvoe-2

[2018-05-03] Goldman Sachs to Open a Bitcoin Trading Operation

Prepare yourselves. If you thought bitcoin was in a very overblown bubble last year, then just wait
until we see what the investment bankers can do when they hold real actual bitcoins.The same with
the housing bubble, it will be decades in the making until we witness the bubble burst, I reckon.The
bank’s first “digital asset” trader, Justin Schmidt, joined Goldman two weeks ago to handle the
day-to-day operations, a hiring that was first reported by Tearsheet. In his last job, Mr. Schmidt, 38,
was an electronic trader at the hedge fund Seven Eight Capital. In 2017, he left that job to trade
virtual currencies on his own.He will initially be placed on Goldman’s foreign currency desk because
Bitcoin trading has the most similarity to movements in emerging market currencies, Ms. Yared
said.Mr. Schmidt is looking at trading actual Bitcoin — or physical Bitcoin, as it is somewhat
ironically called — if the bank can secure regulatory approval from the Federal Reserve and New
York authorities.The firm also has to find a way to confidently hold Bitcoin for customers without its
being stolen by hackers, as has happened to many Bitcoin exchanges. Mr. Schmidt and Ms. Yared
said the current options for holding Bitcoin for clients did not yet meet Wall Street
standards.Goldman is known for pushing the envelope in the trading of complicated products. The
firm faced significant criticism after the financial crisis for its profitable trading of so-called synthetic
derivatives tied to the subprime mortgage markets.Read in full
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/05/02/technology/bitcoin-goldman-sachs.html

[2017-10-12] Bitcoin price soars above $5,000 to record high 

Rising price of the cryptocurrency, now worth four times as much as an ounce of gold, has led to
warnings of a bubbleThe price of bitcoin has smashed through $5,000 to an all-time high.The
cryptocurrency rose by more than 8% to $5,243 having started the year at $966. Bitcoin has soared
by more than 750% in the past year and is worth four times as much as an ounce of gold.But the
price has been volatile. The digital currency plunged below $3,000 in mid-September after the
Chinese authorities announced a crackdown. Beijing ordered cryptocurrency exchanges to stop
trading and block new registrations, due to fears that increasing numbers of consumers piling into
the bitcoin market could prompt wider financial problems.ordan Hiscott, the chief trader at Ayondo
Markets, said: “The returns are truly remarkable, especially given the recent ban on bitcoin trading in
China, where demand had previously accounted for at least 10% of all global volumes.”Vladimir
Putin, the Russian president, called this week for regulation of cryptocurrencies, saying their use
“bears serious risks” such as money laundering, tax evasion and funding for terrorism. But he also
warned against imposing “too many barriers,” which appears to have given bitcoin a boost.Despite
warnings over a bubble, bitcoin is gaining in acceptance. Last month, a London property developer,
The Collective, said it would allow its tenants to pay their deposits in bitcoin and accept rent
payments in the cryptocurrency by the end of the year. Two weeks ago, Japan’s government
implemented rules that recognise bitcoin as a payment method. Celebrities have also got involved,
with the boxer Floyd Mayweather, the socialite Paris Hilton and the actor Jamie Foxx promoting coin
offerings.Using bitcoin allows people to bypass banks and traditional payment processes to pay for
goods and services directly. Banks and other financial institutions have been concerned about
bitcoin’s associations with money laundering and online crime because transactions take place
anonymously.The soaring value of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies comes despite growing
warnings over a price bubble.The starkest warning came from the JP Morgan chief executive, Jamie
Dimon, who said bitcoin was a fraud that would ultimately blow up. Speaking last month, he said
there was a limited market for the digital currency, arguing that it was only fit for use by drug dealers,

murderers and people living in countries such as North Korea. He pledged to sack any JP Morgan
trader investing in Bitcoin, but also admitted he had not been able to dissuade his daughter from
investing.Dimon declined to comment on the surge in bitcoin during an earnings call on Thursday.
“I’m not going to talk about bitcoin any more,” he said.Kenneth Rogoff, a professor of economics
and public policy at Harvard University and a former IMF chief economist, has predicted that the
technology behind cryptocurrencies will thrive, but the price of bitcoin will collapse.“It is folly to think
that bitcoin will ever be allowed to supplant central bank-issued money,” he wrote in the Guardian
this week.“It is one thing for governments to allow small anonymous transactions with virtual
currencies; indeed, this would be desirable. But it is an entirely different matter for governments to
allow large-scale anonymous payments, which would make it extremely difficult to collect taxes or
counter criminal activity.”Daniel Murray, global head of research at EFG Asset Management, noted
that in 2013, bitcoin soared twelvefold in just four months but within a month had lost a third of its
value and four months after its peak had lost 60% of its value.“Investors buy [an] asset because
they are seduced by the prospect of further rapid gains without necessarily thinking about intrinsic
value,” he said. He noted that historically currencies were backed by precious metals, and these
days most currencies were based on macroeconomic fundamentals such as inflation, interest rates
and growth, and were backed by a central bank and government. None of this applied to bitcoin,
although the supply is carefully controlled.“It is hard to argue that bitcoin does anything better than
existing currency arrangements whilst it does some things to a lower standard,” Murray added.
“Individuals are already able to transact electronically using a plastic card.”Since you’re here ……
we have a small favour to ask. More people are reading the Guardian than ever but advertising
revenues across the media are falling fast. And unlike many news organisations, we haven’t put up
a paywall – we want to keep our journalism as open as we can. So you can see why we need to ask
for your help. The Guardian’s independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and
hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our perspective matters – because it might
well be your perspective, too. 
   I appreciate there not being a paywall: it is more democratic for the
media to be available for all and not a commodity to be purchased by a few. I’m happy to make a
contribution so others with less means still have access to information. 
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/oct/12/bitcoin-price-5000-cryptocurrency-gold-bubble

   Thomasine F-R. Source:

[2016-02-080 Bitcoin Group Raises $5.9 million AUD in IPO Phase

Bitcoin Group Limited, a digital currency mining firm based in Melbourne, has announced the
completion of its IPO phase. In an investor updated posted on the official BG blog, Sam Lee, CEO
of Bitcoin Group, confirmed that the IPO netted a total of AUD $5.9 million.While the amount sounds
impressive, it falls short of the original $20 million target. The IPO officially ended on the 25th of
January and according to the ASX announcement on the 25th, Bitcoin Group was tentatively
scheduled to start trading on the ASX today:“Bitcoin Group is now currently working with the ASX
Compliance Team to satisfy ASX Listing Rules and as such the Company’s new proposed ASX
listing date will be scheduled for the 8th of February
2016.”http://themerkle.com/news/bitcoin-group-raises-5-9-million-aud-in-ipo-phase/

[2017-10-12] Bump or Fold: Investor Predicts Bitcoin to Go Up to $27K by
Februar

Trace Mayer, a bitcoin enthusiast and investor of Kraken, BitPay, and Armory, claimed that Bitcoin is
undervalued, and that expects it to reach $27,395 per Bitcoin by February.Read why here
https://t.me/yoken/47

[2016-02-09] Align Commerce Launches Blockchain Payment Rail to China

Align Commerce, a blockchain payment solutions provider based in San Francisco, has announced
the launch of their new payment rail that will allow its clients to send near-instant payments to and
from China.The new payment bridge will give import-export businesses an alternative to traditional
wire transfers payments, which are extremely slow and costly when compared to payments on the
blockchain. AC’s blockchain-based service also gives clients the ability to track the progress of their
cross-border payments in real-time.With this move, Align Commerce has positioned itself to
capitalize on the mammoth $555 billion bilateral trade that takes place every year between the US
and China.http://themerkle.com/news/align-commerce-launches-blockchain-payment-rail-to-china/

[2018-1-11] CNBC: Bitcoin mining epicenter found in rural Wenatchee,
Washington

CNBC's Michelle Caruso-Cabrera goes behind the scenes at a bitcoin mining operation in the
U.S.https://www.c[Suspicious link
removed]m/video/2018/01/11/bitcoin-mining-epicenter-found-in-rural-wenatchee-washington.html?pl
ay=1Some more videos from Salcido mining farm:https://www.c[Suspicious link
removed]m/video/2018/01/11/why-cheap-electricity-is-important-to-mining-bitcoin-salcido-enterprise
s-ceo.htmlhttps://www.c[Suspicious link
removed]m/2018/01/11/wenatchee-washington-and-the-bitcoin-gold-rush.htmlhttps://www.c[Suspicio
us link removed]m/video/2018/01/11/inside-a-bitcoin-mine.htmlhttps://www.c[Suspicious link
removed]m/2018/01/11/cryptocurrency-mining-puts-electrical-grid-of-small-washington-state-county-
to-the-test.htmlThe cryptocurrency craze is helping many people rake in money, but it is also putting
pressure on the electrical infrastructure of a small county in Washington state."Our infrastructure is
actually being put to the test. We're full," Ron Cridlebaugh, the Port of Douglas County economic
development manager, told CNBC's Michelle Caruso-Cabrera on Thursday.Electricity in Washington
state is considerably cheaper than in most places in the U.S. The average electricity price per
kilowatt in the state is 4 cents. The national average is 7 cents.Cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and
ripple have skyrocketed in value recently. Last year, those digital currencies surged 1,500 percent
and 35,000 percent, respectively.People have been trying to get in on the action by purchasing
these digital assets or by "mining," or creating, them. But the mining process requires a lot of
electrical power as computers process gargantuan amounts of data.Cridlebaugh said the county is
building out 100 megawatts (100,000 kilowatts) of infrastructure just in data centers to keep up with
demand. "It's going to take some time to catch up because growth has been so quick."

[2016-02-08] Former Clinton Adviser Offers Predictions About Robots,
Bitcoin...

Long before Alec Ross logged half a million miles visiting 41 countries as Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton’s senior adviser for innovation, he found himself in a concert hall in Charleston, West
Virginia, swabbing up puke after a country music concert.Ross was 19 and had just finished his
freshman year of college at Northwestern University. While some of his classmates were working
fancy internships at law firms and congressional offices, he pushed a mop on the midnight shift as a
member of the Charleston Civic Center’s janitorial
crew.http://recode.net/2016/02/08/former-clinton-advisor-offers-predictions-about-robots-bitcoin-and-
industries-of-the-future/

[2016-04-28]Apple Pay is showing promising growth

Apple Pay is showing promising growthThis story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Payments

Industry Insider" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Apple Pay launched in
October 2014, and the tech giant provided an update on the mobile wallet's progress in its
first-quarter earnings call. CEO Tim Cook noted that Apple Pay is bringing in one million new users
per week and that transaction volumes are "five times higher" than
at...http://www.businessinsider.com/apple-pay-is-showing-promising-growth-2016-4?utm_source=fe
edburner&amp%3Butm_medium=referral&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+businessi
nsider+%28Business+Insider%29

[2016-10-2] AID:Tech offers blockchain solutions to help United Nations
and ...

The 2016 European Social Innovation Competition focuses on social innovation for refugees and
migrants, as the world is facing an unprecedented displacement crisis. More than 65 million people
are now forcibly displaced as a result of violent conflicts and natural
disasters.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/aidtech-offers-blockchain-solutions-to-help-united-nations-a
nd-european-commission-with-refugee-problems/

[2017-05-30]What is Bitcoin, what is its price in pound sterling and how
does...

What is Bitcoin, what is its price in pound sterling and how does it work? All you need to knowTHE
controversial computer currency Bitcoin that’s worth more than gold is a type of digital currency that
was invented by an unknown developer.As it stands (May 30) a single bitcoin is worth £1,779 while
a troy ounce of gold is worth $1,290 (£1,003). Here’s all you need to know…What is Bitcoin?Bitcoin
is a virtual currency which was created in 2009 by an unknown person using the alias Satoshi
Nakamoto.Transactions are made without middle men, so there are no transaction fees and no
need to give your real name.More businesses are beginning to accept them and in some parts of
the world you can even buy pizza with bitcoins.You can set up a virtual wallet websites like
Blockchain to store,  keep track and spend your digital money.You are also able to purchase Bitcoin
through an online exchange or Bitcoin ATM.To find merchants that accepts Bitcoin in the UK click
here.Bitcoins aren’t printed, like pounds, dollars or euros – they’re produced by people, and
increasingly businesses, running computers all around the world.It’s the first example of a growing
category of money known as cryptocurrency.Bitcoin is attractive to some users because of its
anonymity, as well as its lack of government control.The website Silk Road was closed in 2013
following raids by the FBI and other agencies amid allegations of drug dealing with authorities
seizing millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin during the raids.How does Bitcoin work?The value of
Bitcoin, like all currencies, is determined by how much people are willing to exchange it for.To
process Bitcoin transactions, a procedure called ‘mining’ must take place, which involves a
computer solving a difficult mathematical problem with a 64-digit solution.For each problem solved,
one block of Bitcoins is processed.In addition the miner is rewarded with new bitcoins.To
compensate for the growing power of computer chips, the difficulty of the puzzles is adjusted to
ensure a steady stream of new bitcoins are produced each day.There are currently about 15 million
in existence.(...)https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3000715/bitcoin-nhs-pound-sterling/

[2017-10-12]NEEQ-listed Company in China Grab 3.31 mln Yuan From
Trading ETH

As a listed company on NEEQ, Guangzhou Ehangcom Vianet
Communications(NEEQ:834212)revealed on its semi-annual report of 2017 that the Company
manage to make 3.31 million profits from trading Ethereum via CHBTC. The revenue helps the

company to be profitable. It’s the first public disclosure that a listed company in China is actively
engaged in cryptocurrency trading.“Net profit for the reporting period was RMB1,514,373.08,
compared with RMB1,797,878.38 for the same period last year, an increase of RMB3,312,251.46 or
growth of 184.23%, mainly due to 2 million yuan awarded by the government on being listed in
NEEQ and 3.31 million yuan of investment return over Ethereum trading.”The report said. On page
64, the purchase was specified:“Ethereum was purchased on 22 July 2016 via CHBTC”It’s the first
time that a listed company in China report gains from cryptocurrency trading.Ehangcom was the first
batch of bitcoin miners in China. Back in 2015, a post on 8btc has revealed the Ehang project, which
was boasted to be the biggest Bitcoin mining farm in the world, was in operation with sponsorship
from Bitbank.The mining farm was first reported as “cloud computing” data center in 2015. Ehang
was mentioned twice on the government report of Ordos City in February 2015  and July 2016.The
project was considered as a key project as the mining farm was supposed to pay 100 million a year
for power. Therefore the project was rushed into operation. It’s reported that the project was in
operation without environmental appraisal report, which is a major hurdle for any projects in China.
Then Ehang paid 5.1 million a year to rent the 9 workshops built by the local authority so that the
miners could be up and running as soon as possible.Ordos is famous for its rich reserve of coal,
which is more convenient to transfer if it is converted into electricity. Also the long, dry and cold
winter reduce expenditure on cooling in data center.It’s reported that the Ehang was paying 0.3869
yuan per kw in 2015, when the project was in operation. One year later, the price dropped to 0.26
yuan, which is less than half of normal charge for industrial business. In 2016, local government
even released formal document to apply for premium power price for two enterprises, including
Ehang. Later Ehang could enjoy a favourable power price due as its operation was considered as
part of big data business.It’s believed that in May 2016, Ehang sold the data center to Bitmain, the
largest supplier of Bitcoin miner in the
market.http://news.8btc.com/neeq-listed-company-in-china-grab-3-31-mln-yuan-from-trading-ethere
um

[2017-05-28]Bitcoin Price Weekly Analysis – BTC/USD Holding Crucial
Supports

Bitcoin Price Weekly Analysis – BTC/USD Holding Crucial SupportsKey PointsBitcoin price
corrected sharply after trading towards $2650 against the US Dollar, but remains supported on the
downside.The last week’s highlighted important bullish trend lines with support at $1940 and $1800
on the 4-hours chart of BTC/USD (data feed from SimpleFX) are holding well.As long as the price is
above these trend lines and $1800, it is likely to move back above $2200.Bitcoin price after a surge
towards $2700 against the US Dollar corrected lower, but these dips in BTC/USD are protected by a
major support area.Bitcoin Price Buy Dips?In the last weekly analysis, I mentioned that the overall
trend is bullish with chances of a move above $2100 in Bitcoin price against the US Dollar. There
was no stopping the price, as it climbed above $2100, $2400 and even $2500. It traded as high as
$2684 where it faced sellers and started a downside move. First, it cleared the 23.6% Fib
retracement level of the last wave from the $1664 low to $2684 high. It called for the start of a
correction below $2500.The price dived sharply and even broke the $2200 support. The most
important break was below the 50% Fib retracement level of the last wave from the $1664 low to
$2684 high. However, the downside move was prevented by the last week’s highlighted important
bullish trend lines with support at $1940 and $1800 on the 4-hours chart of BTC/USD. These trend
lines are acting as a monster support above
$1800.http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/05/28/bitcoin-price-weekly-analysis-btcusd-holding-crucial-sup
ports/

[2016-10-1] Wayniloans bitcoin lending platform gaining traction in Latin
Americ

Wayniloans is built on a simple premise, get a loan with better terms than the bank, or earn higher
returns than stocks and bonds. The Bitcoin based lending platform is less than a year old and has
already made almost 600 loans in Argentina, totalling more than 7000
bitcoin.https://www.reddit.com/r/BraveNewCoin

[2018-05-01] Bitcoin has 'elements of all of the different asset classes,'
CFTC 

The ecosystem around bitcoin is still changing, but U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo said the popular cryptocurrency is part currency, part security
and part digital coin."Bitcoin and a lot of its other virtual currency counterparts really have elements
of all of the different asset classes, whether they're meeting payment, whether it's a long-term
asset," Giancarlo told CNBC on "Fast Money" Monday, live from the annual Milken Conference in
Los Angeles.Read more
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/05/01/bitcoin-has-elements-of-all-of-the-different-asset-classes-cftc-chai
rman-says.html

[2017-05-30]What Are “Quindecillions” In A Bitcoin Context?

What Are “Quindecillions” In A Bitcoin Context?You may never hear the word "quindecillions"
outside of a Bitcoin context, but it's an important and useful concept for understanding how the
cryptocurrency works.Satoshi Nakamoto’s original paper introduced Bitcoin “as a purely
peer-to-peer version of electronic cash (that) would allow online payments to be sent directly from
one party to another without going through a financial institution.” Bitcoin brought with it a
mechanism that overcomes the inherent weaknesses of the traditional transaction model, which is
based on a third-party mediation or trust. These weaknesses create a number of inconveniences in
the form of increasing transaction costs, limiting the minimum practical transaction size, and cutting
off the possibility to make non-revocable payment. Bitcoin overcomes such flaws, as it’s based on
cryptographic proof instead of a ‘trusted’ third
party.http://www.investopedia.com/news/what-are-quindecillions-bitcoin-context/

[2016-09-30] Beyond Bitcoin: Barriers to Use of Distributed Ledger
Technology 

 The public nature of Blockchain—where every node has a copy and all transactions can be
seen—provides confirmation that prior transactions have not been altered. However, it also means
that any private personal or financial information that is required for a transaction becomes public
information, raising significant privacy concerns, especially for financial institutions and healthcare
companies.To address these concerns, companies are considering the development of private
Blockchain networks where all users agree to confidentiality and use restrictions. Alternatively,
sensitive data can be encrypted and held by a trusted third party, leaving enough data to verify the
transaction but not enough to recreate the content. Unfortunately, these solutions require human
intervention and limit the auditability of the Blockchain. Technology companies continue to work on
this problem, but privacy remains a major stumbling
block.http://www.jdsupra.com/legalnews/beyond-bitcoin-barriers-to-use-of-47794/

[2017-05-21]Bitcoin Price at New All Time High; Flirts With $2000

Bitcoin Price at New All Time High; Flirts With $2000Bitcoin markets broke through any resistance
that was in place with the last rally. Prices continue rising above all time high levels. In the
meantime, resistance continues being shattered by the strong buying pressure. Bitcoin prices
through all markets are now approaching a major breakthrough point at $2000 price levels. Traders
across exchanges appear to have come prepared for such an outcome by setting sell walls, yet the
market’s sentiment has showed enough momentum to surpass such
resistance.http://insidebitcoins.com/news/bitcoin-price-at-new-all-time-high-flirts-with-2000/50353

[2017-05-27]Are Asian Markets Creating a Bitcoin Price Bubble?

Bitcoin’s price has been rising so fast over the past two months people don’t know what to expect
next. In Asia, the price is climbing higher than most western exchanges. Now many people are
wondering how healthy the current price spike is and whether or not the digital currency is in a
bubble that might be followed by a deep correction.Cryptocurrency Fever In Asia Is Pushing the
Price Upwards, but How Long Will It Last?Are Asian Markets Creating a Bitcoin Price
Bubble?Charles Hayter, Crypto Compare.Everybody is extremely focused on the price of bitcoin and
a number of altcoins increasing in value exponentially. Some people think the digital currency’s
value gains are moving too fast while others believe overall global demand supports the price rise.
Charles Hayter, founder, and CEO of the cryptocurrency data analysis firm Crypto Compare
reached out to Bitcoin.com and detailed his opinion of the situation bitcoin markets are facing.Hayter
believes the increase is a bubble formation but questions the level of speculation. Market bubbles
can burst in a short period of time, but some bubbles have lasted years.“Media begets more price
rises and triggers more exposure and buying,” explains the Crypto Compare founder. “The ICO
phenomenon is contributing too as traders wash in and out of the major cryptos chasing and
pumping the next ten bagger.”Japan, Korea, and Asian interest is causing the price to rise and
dragging up Western prices on the back of regulatory moves as well as scaling — The party will end
as Asian premia comes back into line with Western markets or even drag them down as panic
selling takes hold. The exact trigger is yet to be seen although last time it was Mt Gox.read
more:https://news.bitcoin.com/asian-markets-bitcoin-price-bubble/

[2016-02-07]bitcoin could solve a big problem banks had in the 2008 crisis

The technology behind bitcoin could solve a big problem banks had in the 2008 crisisGo anywhere
near the upper echelons of a bank or finance firm right now and there's one buzzword you'll hear
over and over again — blockchain. First invented to underpin bitcoin, blockchain technology uses
decentralized record...continue to read

[2016-09-28] BTCManager Feature Interview: Co-Founder of Attores Smart
Contracts

For people who have needed to digitally sign documents online, a variety of very useful and
convenient services have sprung up to allow anyone from their computer to not need to print, scan
and fax paperwork. However, what Singapore-based Attores has done allows people to digitally
sign, share and store documents in a whole new way - on the Ethereum blockchain...Read more
here:https://btcmanager.com/news/feature-interview-co-founder-attores-smart-contracts/Follow
BTCmanager for the Latest on Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin!

[2016-02-06] Alibaba to Possibly Use Blockchain Tech for Alipay Service

In a statement at Coin News Asia Jingming Li, President of Alipay U.S. stated while talking about
partnering with United could be one of the areas that they will deploy blockchain technology.We are
very pleased to partner with United and help them make online booking from China a hassle-free
experience. By enabling the option to use China’s most trusted and secure payment system,
Chinese travelers using United’s website can expect the safe, easy and consistent experience they
have come to expect, while avoiding any currency
barriers.http://bitcoinist.net/alibaba-to-possibly-use-blockchain-tech-for-alipay-service/

[2018-04-29]MIT Tech Review Discloses a Plan to Let Down Bitcoin

MIT Technology Review has recently represented a guide to taking down the chief cryptocurrency
whose network has attained 99.9%.Morgan peck, Technology writer, has presented three scenarios
in her article “Let’s Destroy Bitcoin” that she strongly believes could result in Bitcoin being sidelined
and finally annihilated.The first option is where the government takes over the digital coins called
Fedcoins (overbets that form their own Currencies) by reducing the demand for other decentralized
bitcoin and improving the functionality of bitcoin.Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com,
the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/mit-tech-review-discloses-plan-to-let-down-bitcoin/

[2019-03-13] Crypto Startup: JP Morgan Chase Closed Account with No
Explanation

https://www.ccn.com/crypto-startup-jp-morgan-chase-closed-our-account-with-no-explanationI've
always been intrigued by bankiing's attitude towards crypto. It's rarely mentioned how tenuous the
banking is of some of the biggest players. If Silvergate Bank decides to give up the ghost that might
screw Coinbase, Kraken, Gemini and nearly 500 others. As crypto gets bigger is the banking
squeeze going to let up or increase? According to this article they were shut down the day after
JPmorgancoin was launched. 

[2016-01-06] How fast is Africa's mobile money market moving?

How fast is Africa's mobile money market moving?ICT analyst Adrian Schofield says the mobility of
labour in Africa between the poorer and more developed economies has traditionally created a
strong remittances market, much of it in cash, carried across borders in person or using "trusted"
carriers. More formal transfers using companies like Western Union and the banks would be more
reliable, but the charges were expensive.Schofield adds that the arrival of the mobile phone began
to change the market and from the early days of airtime transfers, has developed to the emergence
of money transfer systems like M-Pesa, MTNMMO supported by the network providers, and also
alternative money systems like
Bitcoin.http://www.itwebafrica.com/mobile/339-africa/235816-how-fast-is-africas-mobile-money-mark
et-moving

[2016-09-27]The Needham Report Forecasts Bitcoin Price to Hit $848

The Needham Report Forecasts Bitcoin Price to Hit $848How is Bitcoin faring in the market and
what’s in store for the digital currency community in the near future? A recent assessment made by
Needham report draws an outline of all the things that might soon happen with the most popular
cryptocurrency.  One glance at the report, and it is quite evident that the digital currency is right on
track...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/09/27/needham-report-presents-a-positive-outlook-for-bitcoin/

[2016-04-27] Selling Stolen Data For Bitcoin Via New Dark Web
Marketplace

As one would come to expect from such a service, Ran$umBin will take a cut of the fee paid for
every transaction. However, the commission percentage is based on who the original data belongs
to, and higher value data will invoke a higher commission percentage. Rather than dealing with
victims of their hacking activities directly, internet criminals can direct the original data owners to this
dark web platform to make the payment. Bitcoin is an accepted form of payment, which should not
surprise that many
people.http://bitcoinist.net/selling-stolen-data-for-bitcoin-via-new-dark-web-marketplace/

[2016-04-27] Steam accepts bitcoin with BitPay

The Valve Corporation recently started accepting bitcoin payments on the digital distribution platform
Steam. The service offers some of the world's most popular video games, including Grand Theft
Auto, Dota, Fallout, Team Fortress, and Counterstrike.At any given time of the day, several million
users are on the platform, the peak number of players logged in last weekend was just shy of 13
Million. More than 125 Million gamers had active accounts in
2015.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/steam-accepts-bitcoin-with-bitpay/

[2016-02-06] Gyft Reveals More Details Regarding Security Breach

Gyft Reveals More Details Regarding Security BreachPopular Bitcoin services and platforms have
become a favorable target for hackers and other internet criminals. Most of these companies attract
a large audience, and there is plenty of money to go around. Bitcoin makes it easy to transfer funds
from one party to another, and hackers want to get their share of the pie in the process. Gyft has
recently started informing its customers of a security
incident.http://themerkle.com/news/gyft-reveals-more-details-regarding-security-breach/

[2017-05-15] Digital gold: why hackers love Bitcoin

The WannaCry ransomware attackers demanded payment in the cryptocurrency. But its use in the
‘clean’ economy is growing, too, and could revolutionise how we use moneyIn March 2009,
representatives of crime agencies including MI6 and the FBI, as well as Her Majesty’s Revenue and
Customs, gathered for a closed session at a conference in a central-London hotel. The topic: the
potential use of virtual currencies by organised criminals and
terrorists.https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/may/15/digital-gold-why-hackers-love-bitcoi
n-ransomware

[2016-09-27]BraveNewCoin to Distribute Bitcoin Pricing and Analytics on
RIMES...

BraveNewCoin to Distribute Bitcoin Pricing and Analytics on RIMES MDSMelbourne based
BraveNewCoin (BNC), a data and research company focused on the blockchain assets industry,
and the financial data aggregator RIMES Technologies Corporation, today revealed a new
partnership to distribute end-of-day cryptocurrency pricing and analytics to RIMES’ global
clients.http://www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/education-centre/bravenewcoin-to-distribute

-bitcoin-pricing-and-analytics-on-rimes-mds/

[2017-05-24]Public Facing Blockchain Application to Pilot at Singapore
Poly

Although much fanfare has been made about the potential of blockchain for finance, on the ground
in Singapore, one innovative polytechnic has found an immediate use case- issuing digital versions
of their diplomas onto the blockchain.In a pilot with the blockchain technology company Attores,
Ngee Ann Polytechnic will be the first educational institution in Singapore to issue blockchain
diplomas, commonly referred to as e-certs, with a public facing front end to validate the e-certs
issued on the blockchain.  The technology powering the project a private version of the Ethereum
Blockchain, using the client software built by Parity Technologies. Attores’ front end deployment
engine is used to securely create, deploy and verify the certificates.By issuing the certificates onto
the blockchain, potential employers can verify authenticity and origination of the e-cert.Attores CEO
David Moskowitz said, “Digitization also removes the costs associated with verifying the authenticity
of the diploma if an employer needs to check on a potential candidate. We eliminate a large chunk
of the costs associated with  issuing and verifying certificates. This is at least a 75% cost savings
compared with traditional issuance.”The Attores ‘Open Certificates’ platform enables the polytechnic
to quickly create new e-certs for their students using an intuitive interface. The blockchain provides a
tamper proof mechanism to prove who digitally signed the certificates. If the final certificate is altered
in any way, or is fraudulent, it won’t match the data stored on the blockchain.Attores CTO Gaurang
Torvekar said, “It’s been a pleasure working with the Ngee Ann Polytechnic Computer Center staff
to put this next generation technology in place. We’re excited to continue to help them learn and
utilize blockchain technology to make their processes more efficient and as an educational tool for
their students.”“We issue over 4000 diploma certs and other kinds of certificates every year. The
process of verifying the authenticity of certificates can be very manual. With blockchain, we can
simplify this process, make it user-driven, and boost productivity. Not only will this help students
effectively kickstart their career, employers also get them onboard with minimal hassle,” said Mr
Clarence Ti, Principal of Ngee Ann Polytechnic.”We’re really happy to see Attores use Parity to
demonstrate the strength of blockchain in lowering the costs in certification”, said Dr. Gavin Wood,
founder of Parity Technologies. “We hope that this will be a first step toward getting the world’s
certification information into a fraud-resistant, open and ubiquitous platform.”Attores offers a
consumer version of their certificate issuance platform, free to try out at
https://opencertificates.coPress release here:
http://attores.com/news/first-singapore-public-facing-blockchain-application-pilot-ngee-ann-polytechn
ic/

[2018-01-12] Pineapple Fund To Donate $4 mln For PTSD Treatment

Pineapple Fund, a bitcoin charity created by an anonymous individual, has promised to donate $4
mln to a non-profit for MDMA-based PTSD research.PineappleFund published a reddit post on
January where the charity calls for donations to MAPS and announces the $4 mln pledge. The post
also explains the usefulness of the MAPS trials due to what the anonymous donor sees as a lack of
effective FDA-approved treatments for those suffering from PTSD.Source:
https://hype.codes/pineapple-fund-donate-4-mln-ptsd-treatmentPineapple Fund goal is to give $86
mln worth of bitcoin to various nonprofit organizations

[2017-05-22]As Price Reaches Record Highs, is Bitcoin in a Capacity
Crisis?

Imagine you are slightly late for work, quickly getting a shower, brushing your teeth and all the rest,
walking – in an almost running manner – to the tube station, to then find out there are 200,000
people waiting outside to get the train.Get exclusive analysis of bitcoin and learn from our trading
tutorials. Join Hacked.com for just $39 now.What’s more, the train only handles 4,000 individuals
and arrives every ten minutes, during which period new individuals arrive at a rate of 4 per second.
Now, it’s ok, you’re busy, you can still be one of those 4,000 individuals and get to work if you pay a
high enough fee.So you check out the notice which says the current estimated fee is $1, but since
others are seeing the same notice too and paying $1 too, the fee keeps going up every second, with
these higher fees paid by the new individuals that come every second, pushing you down the
queue.Tough luck, you can’t make it to work today because your $1 bid is now as good as worthless
to the super congested network. The next day you learn the lesson, so instead of bidding what the
notice says, you bid 10% or 20% more, but you weren’t the only one who missed work yesterday,
almost everyone else did too and they have this genius but obvious idea too, making you miss work
again.The next day you get angry and pay double the fee, but you’re not the only angry one. Now,
sure, some in this lottery do get to make it to work, 4,000 every 10 minutes with 200,000 waiting, but
a lot don’t, resulting in a bidding war which looks like below:As can be seen, bitcoin’s fees have
gone vertical, which is bad, but if you know you’d get through for x dollars then at least you can
evaluate the proposition. Instead, you’re not only paying high fees, but you don’t even know whether
you will get the service you paid for because of simple logics.Let’s take, for example, a statement by
Luke Dashjr, a Blockstream “open hash contractor,” who suggested everyone pay a $5 fee and
you’ll get through. If we analyze this a bit further, we can start by asking why people are not paying
$5 and one good reason is because then everyone would start paying $5 meaning newcomers
would outbid them by paying $5.01.Sure, one or two guys might currently “cheat” and jump the
queue by paying $5, but as long as it’s a very tiny minority the rest let it go. If instead, it went to a
point where say 1,000 of the 4,000 are paying $5, the other 3,000 will probably quickly start paying
$5.01.This clearly shows ordering transactions by fee is an unworkable idea which is why Satoshi
Nakamoto ordered transactions by first seen in the bitcoin clients he/she released, a rule largely
enforced by the bitcoin network until full capacity was reached.The Easy AttackStill, even the above
problems, as bad as they are, might be bearable for desperate bitcoiners, but let’s imagine I’m a
wealthy company, say Vusa, or Rapp Labs, or a wealthy guy who just doesn’t like bitcoin.Just to be
very clear, no one is suggesting either of them has behaved in any nefarious way, but say I’m a
competitor to bitcoin or recently attracting much hype and attention due to gaining crazy high market
cap in just days. You know what I could do with just $2 million?I could send bitcoin down crashing as
far as its sole purpose of moving bitcoins is concerned. That’s because bitcoin’s capacity is limited
to around 250,000 transactions, but just to make it simple let’s say it can handle only 200,000
transactions a day.At $1, it would cost me just $200,000 to take up that space, which is fine,
everyone else could pay $1.50. But, at $10 per transaction it would cost me only $2 million to send
everyone else at the back of the queue.Now sure, you can pay $11 or $12, but even at a fee of $20
it would cost just $4 million, as good as nothing considering how much value may flood to the
competitors and considering the shock bitcoin would receive if all the sudden everyone is asked to
pay $25 per transaction.There is no evidence to suggest this is happening at scale, but fees went up
yesterday from around $1 to around $4 for a normal transaction. It could be ordinary demand, but it
could also be someone or some entity which wants to send bitcoin crashing.They have succeeded
as far as bitcoin’s sole purpose of moving bitcoins around is concerned because around 200,000
bitcoins have been stuck for the past 24 hours while fees have gone parabolic pricing everyone
out.Another Obituary?Bitcoin has only one job – to move data from a to b – and it is failing to do that
simple task. A task which is not really rocket science as some claim because everyone and their cat
have launched their own bitcoin like network which actually manages to continue performing their
one task.No wonder bitcoin’s market share has now fallen down to around 48%, nearly halved from
just a few months ago, but its price has now doubled to more than $2,000 and its market cap keeps
going up, so, who knows. Maybe $20 fees and days for one transaction are a good thing?Or maybe
it’s all just because of the recent advertising following allegations Trump’s Press Secretary and an
aid to the French President Macron had used bitcoin, combined with the recent ransom global

incident.Or perhaps it’s only because bitcoin is the main gateway to other altcoins, although
ethereum has started making inroads on that front due to its own tokens system and clones.But
maybe the market sees value in a limited coin you just buy and lock away in some paper wallet
somewhere, forgetting about it, like actual gold and just as difficult as well as expensive to move
around.In which case, “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System,” as bitcoin’s white paper
describes it, has failed, because the current bitcoin is not a cash system. Cash can be exchanged
almost instantly with 0 fee and can be moved around fairly easily without getting stuck for
days.Which might be why the market is giving conflicting signals. On the one hand, it’s falling market
share is probably because bitcoin investors and other market participants are looking for the real
bitcoin, the cash system, which many think has just changed its name to ethereum while getting
some cool new tech like smart contracts.It may be that these newcomers think bitcoin is still the
cash system rather than seemingly having changed into something else, or maybe they like this idea
of gold but with very high fees or they’re in markets which have no choice, although even they could
easily diversify.Bitcoin is Dead, Long Live BitcoinSo, to conclude, bitcoin is definitely in crisis
because the real bitcoin as described in the whitepaper does not exist anymore. The real bitcoin
uses the first seen rule for transactions, rather than ordering by fee. The real bitcoin never operates
at full blocks. The real bitcoin has as good as no fees and confirms almost instantly.What now is
called bitcoin is an aberration, something completely different and planned to become even more
different. Far more similar to ripple with its hubs and intermediary banks than to bitcoin.The real
bitcoin, the digital cash, the codable money, the global, inclusive, permissionless network, the
innovative powerhouse which has grabbed the world’s imagination, that has changed its name and
is now called
ethereum.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/price-reaches-record-highs-bitcoin-capacity-crisis/

[2016-06-29] HashOcean Is Not Dead Yet By The Look of Things

It’s hard to believe HashOcean was hacked, in fairness. The cloud mining platform has never shown
any proof of their mining capacities, yet somehow paid out users for over ten months. Blaming their
disappearance on a hacking attempt is rather strange, but not entirely impossible either. Their
Facebook page mentions how they have a database backup from June 25th, which is the day on
which their site started slowing
down.http://themerkle.com/hashocean-is-not-dead-yet-by-the-look-of-things/

[2016-01-06] Removal of Dublin’s Southside Bitcoin ATM

Removal of Dublin’s Southside Bitcoin ATMWe’ve reviewed the bitcoin ATM on Dublin’s southside
that is located in Busyfeet & Coco on Dublin’s South William Street in the past.However, we were in
there today for a coffee, and noticed that the bitcoin ATM that has been there for the past year has
now been removed. We asked the staff what was about it, and they declined to comment, but this
now leaves only one bitcoin ATM in the city, at GSM Solutions available for people to walk up to and
get bitcoin.http://bitcoinsinireland.com/removal-of-dublins-southside-bitcoin-atm/

[2017-10-9] Malaysia’s Central Bank Could Enforce Cryptocurrency Ban

As Malaysia’s central bank develops guidelines for cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, a blanket ban is still
not out of the question according to its governor.Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM) governor Muhammad
bin Ibrahim was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the 9th International Conference on
Financial Crime and Terrorism Financing in Kuala Lumpur when he spoke about upcoming
regulations for the cryptocurrency sector.As reported by The Malaysian Insight, the central banker
did not rule out a complete ban on cryptocurrencies.He stated:This (ban on cryptocurrencies is

something that we will decide on by the end of the year…The guidelines that BNM is set to
announce by the end of the year would reveal the country’s approach to cryptocurrencies.Source
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/malaysias-central-bank-enforce-cryptocurrency-ban/

[2016-06-30] John McAfee’s MGT Will Launch 2 PH/s Bitcoin Mining
Operation

If all things go to plan, and the business is indeed profitable, the company will continue to expand its
capacity to 10 petahash in the future. MGT has a clear plan to become one of the major Bitcoin
mining enterprises in the world. This news comes at an interesting time as well, since the Bitcoin
halving is almost upon
us.http://themerkle.com/john-mcafees-mgt-will-launch-2-phs-bitcoin-mining-operation/

[2017-05-15]Hackers who infected 200,000 machines have only made
$50,000 worth

The WannaCry ransomware hackers have received around $50,000 worth of bitcoin so far.The
amount the hackers will demand is expected to double from $300 to $600 on
Monday.http://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/15/wannacry-ransomware-hackers-have-only-made-50000-w
orth-of-bitcoin.html

[2017-10-09] Dubai Will Put Entire Land Registry on a Blockchain

The Dubai Land Department (DLD) has laid claim to “becoming the world’s first government entity to
adopt Blockchain technology.”In a first-of-its-kind in the global real estate sector, the Dubai Land
Department – the government arm responsible for the registration and organization of real estate in
the emirate – is now processing and implementing all transactions on a blockchain. The ultimate
goal will see all Dubai properties recorded on a blockchain within 2-3 years.An announcement by
the Dubai government’s media office read:    "DLD has created the blockchain system using a smart
and secure database that records all real estate contracts, including lease registrations, and links
them with the Dubai Electricity & water Authority (DEWA), the telecommunications system and
various property related bills. Blockchain’s secure, electronic real estate platform incorporates
personal tenant databases, including Emirates Identity Cards and the validity of residency visas, and
allows tenants to make payments electronically without the need to write cheques or print any
papers. The entire process can be completed electronically within a few minutes at any time and
from anywhere in the world, removing the need to visit any government entity."The blockchain is
developed the Emirates Real Estate Solutions (ERES), the DLD’s technical arm, in collaboration
with a number of other partners including the Emirates Identity Authority, DEWA, wasl Asset
Management Group – one of Dubai’s largest real estate developers and Emirates NBD, the
emirate’s largest bank.The initiative is a part of the emirate’s wider ‘Dubai Blockchain Strategy’,
which aims to record and process 100% of all documents and transactions on a blockchain by the
year 2020. The sweeping blockchain mandate was announced by Hamdan bin Mohammed, the
crown prince of Dubai, in October 2016.‘Based on this initiative, DLD will be able to create a
Blockchain database for all Dubai properties, which will be available to DLD’s customers as well as
all of its government and private sector partners,’ the announcement added. ‘The technology will
allow investors residing in Dubai and around the world to verify property data that is backed by
timestamp signatures, enhancing the accuracy of data, the credibility of investment transactions,
and the transparency and clarity of the market.’DLD director general Butti bin Mejren added:    "This
initiative is still in a stage of infancy. In the near future, we will see many partners joining [the]
Blockchain to improve their client services, including banking, mortgages, and utilities and

maintenance operations…Our aim is to unite all real estate and department services on a single
platform."Dubai’s dogged drive in becoming the world’s first blockchain city is gathering pace with
everything from its airport, to a citywide payments system and even an official state cryptocurrency
powered by blockchain technology.Elsewhere, Japan could also place its entire property registry on
a blockchain by unifying all property and land registries across urban, farmland and forested areas –
including some 230 million plots and 50 million buildings – by the year 2023. An urban trail in select
cities will begin in summer
2018.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/100-dubai-put-entire-land-registry-blockchain/

[2019-02-24]Blockchain Specialists Provide Feedback on “Facebook
Login”

Recently, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg expressed interest in putting the login on the blockchain
in order to provide social media users absolute power especially when they are giving data access
to third-party Apps. Now, blockchain specialists have started analyzing the latest Facebook (FB)
efforts on recent Zuckerberg’s interests to integrate blockchain into login.Read the details in the
article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/feedback-facebook-login/

[2016-09-22] Could PayPal Kill Bitcoin by Reducing its Fees?

For merchant payment processing, PayPal charges a fee of over 3 percent, which is over three
times as much as the largest bitcoin payment processing companies. Hence, currently, bitcoin
provides the cheaper alternative to PayPal for both remittance purposes and for merchant payment
processing. However, that does beg the question, “If PayPal were to cut its fees to match those of
bitcoin, would there be any need for bitcoin as a means of making and receiving payments?”...Read
more here:https://btcmanager.com/news/could-paypal-kill-bitcoin-by-reducing-its-fees/Follow
BTCManager for the Latest on Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin!

[2016-09-25] Dissent in Bitcoin Community Become Visible, NodeCounter
Voices its

Dissent in Bitcoin Community Become Visible, NodeCounter Voices its OpinionNodeCounter, a
website that allows people to visualize Bitcoin mining statistics has made an announcement, calling
for the cryptocurrency community to boycott Bitcoin. This is the second such announcement by the
platform as it voices its frustration against the Bitcoin Core
developers.http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/09/25/nodecounter-bitcoin-boycott/

[2016-06-30] news.bitcoin.com-Bitcoiners Respond: How Will the Halving
Affect BT

Bitcoiners Respond: How Will the Halving Affect BTC Price?.The latest question was asked on
various social media platforms from Facebook to Google Plus concerning the reward change
coming July 10.The questions we asked were: what do Bitcoin supporters expect the price to do
during the halving week and can you estimate where it will be in value? Or do you think nothing will
happen, and it will just be an ordinary week?Here’s what some cryptocurrency enthusiasts
revealed…READ MORE >>> https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoiners-respond-halving-btc-price/

[2016-06-30] businessinsider.com| The 18 companies that control bitcoin in
2016 

The 18 companies that control bitcoin in 2016Flashy startups like Coinbase, Circle, Blockchain, and
BitPay are some of the most famous companies in bitcoin.But arguably more important are the
miners — individuals and organisations who form the core backbone of bitcoin, ensuring the digital
currency's integrity....http://www.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-pools-miners-ranked-2016-6

[2016-02-04]Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis - Bulls Regaining Control!

Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 05/02/2016 – Bulls Regaining Control!The 100 SMA is below the
200 SMA for now but it looks like an upward crossover is ready to take place, signaling a buildup in
buying pressure. Stochastic and RSI are also heading down, which brings the possibility of
profit-taking before further gains...continue to read

[2019-02-17]Cryptocurrency Inheritance Problem to Be Solved by Italian
Startup

Italy is open to innovations and cryptocurrency adoption due to its security and decentralized nature.
Indeed, the only way one can get access to crypto funds is possessing an alphanumeric private
key.However, even such a good solution has its dark side. It is impossible to gain access rights to
cryptocurrency funds in case their owner is dead. There’s no institution that could regulate
succession rights as the blockchain network, which is the basis of any crypto, is decentralised and
immutable.Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/cryptocurrency-inheritance-problem/

[2019-02-17]Crypto Ransomware Attacks Soppy Users Demanding Money

Internet users have recently reported being provoked to open a phishing email containing crypto
ransomware links. Cybercriminals used the ransomware program ‘GandCrab’ to encrypt victim’s
data and requested a payout in Bitcoin or Dash for lifting a block from their files.According to a
report released by the Mimecast Threat Labs Team, criminals used GandCrab to encode user’s
files. Victims of a cyber attack were sent emails containing romantic lines, namely ‘This is my love
letter to you’, ‘Wrote my thoughts down about you’, ‘My letter just for you’ and ‘Felt in love with
you.’Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/crypto-ransomware-attacks/

[2019-02-22] Bitcoin Transactions per Second Approaching All-time High

Bitcoin Transactions per Second Approaching All-time HighBitcoin transaction rate is currently at its
highest level since December 2017 despite the 14-month long bear market. With transaction per
second on the rise, the top-ranked cryptocurrency is also experiencing a resurgence in both actual
use, especially in emerging markets, and interest as seen in the latest Google search
trends.https://bitcoinist.com/bitcoin-transactions-per-second-approaching-all-time-high/

[2019-02-17]Bitcoin will hit $740,000 despite crypto winter'says Chinese
guru

Co-founder of crypto mining pool Poolin, Zhu Fa, took to social media to share his bullish statement
that Bitcoin will surge up to 20,000% in the next bull run.According to News.8BTC, the Chinese
Bitcoin bull predicted that the world's number one cryptocurrency would surge to all-time-highs of
roughly $740,000, during the next bull run.Despite the ongoing bear market, the operator of the
world’s fourth-largest mining pool said that the price of Bitcoin 'will be in the range of $74,000 to
$740,000.'However, Zhu Fa couldn't be specific in regards to a given time frame, except by saying
'next round of bull run'.Source:
https://www.chepicap.com/en/news/7476/-bitcoin-will-hit-740-000-despite-crypto-winter-says-chines
e-crypto-guru.html?utm_campaign=cryptocontrol.io&utm_medium=cryptocontrol_web&utm_source=
cryptocontrol.ioToo exaggerated prediction.It would even hard to tell surpassing previous ATH on
next bull run.

[2016-02-05] Factom and iSoftStone Partner to Integrate Blockchain
Technology

 Austin, TX (Feb 4, 2016) – Today, iSoftStone and Factom Inc. announced a Memorandum Of
Understanding for the integration of iSoftStone’s smart city solution and Factom’s
blockchain-as-a-service technology. Factom will offer business advice and technical knowledge as
iSoftStone, a technology consulting firm, shapes its blockchain strategy for its smart city solution. As
part of this solution Factom’s Apollo Product will offer a data storage, auditing, and verification layer
for several regions in China.With the rapid urban development in China and other countries,
corporations and governments around the world are focused on building new modern infrastructure
to accommodate this growth. The push towards building “smart cities” creates an immense
opportunity to use blockchains to secure the smart city infrastructure. Blockchain-based systems
can provide greater transparency and accountability while cutting administrative and audit costs.“By
applying Factom blockchain technology to our financial services, smart cities big data services, and
construction of data exchange, we will drive more innovation in China,” said Mr. Ye Yuping,
Executive VP & CTO of iSoftStone. “By leveraging the advantages of both parties, we look forward
to seeing a brighter future. We are sure that the integration of Factom and smart cities will bring
more development opportunities for both sides.”Read More:
http://themerkle.com/news/factom-and-isoftstone-partner-integrate-blockchain-technology-smart-city
-solutions/                            

[2019-02-13]Lost Bitcoin: 5 Majorly Ridiculous Stories

The probability of discovery of lost bitcoin Keys trends towards zero. Legends, parables and myths
twist around the positions of the millions of Bitcoin (BTC) lost so far. Unmatched, however, is the
Bitcoin prosperity of BTC developer Satoshi Nakamoto, seemingly ruined forever and a day. A quite
short about the interests of cryptography. Satoshi has certainly taken security extremely
seriously.Cryptocurrency is going well, but the problem comes when a user loses a private key
because of his/her carelessness or negligence. However, it’s that simple and easy. The SHA-256
(Secure Hash Algorithm) hash function is an important tool for security in the BTC system.Read the
details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/lost-bitcoin-stories/

[2016-02-03]10 years for the tech behind bitcoin to break big in finance

It will take 10 years for the tech behind bitcoin to break big in financeBlockchain database
technology, which underpins digital cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, has got finance industry
executives very excited. But they may have to cool their jets according to consultant Oliver Wyman

and post-trade service provider Euroclear. The companies jointly released a report on blockchain,
declaring that "itcontinue to read

[2018-01-09] Falcon Bank Launches Crypto Wealth Management Service

Swiss private bank Falcon announced on January 9 it is offering clients a compliant process for
investing wealth generated from trading in cryptocurrencies.According to the Zurich-based bank,
existing and new private banking clients can place their wealth originating from crypto assets and
converted into fiat currency with Falcon.Source:
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7p6zj9/falcon_private_bank_launches_crypto_
wealth/

[2018-01-09] Chinese Retailer Surges 25% After Saying It Will Accept BTC

LightInTheBox, online retailer which sells goods ranging from wedding dresses to electronic devices
announced on January 5 that cryptocurrency is a legitimate means of payment on its main sites,
LightInTheBox.com and MiniInTheBox.com. It is stated that all transactions would be processed
through BitPay.Right after the announcement the company saw its shares surge from US$2.38 to
US$3.52 at the start of trading on Monday. The shares later retreated, finishing Monday at
US$2.81.Source: https://hype.codes/chinese-retailer-surges-25-after-saying-it-will-accept-btc#

[2018-01-09] Cryptocurrency Market Takes a Tumble as Ripple Bubble
Fear Looms

Cryptocurrency Market Takes a Tumble as Ripple Bubble Fear Looms2018 did not begin on a good
note for Bitcoin as the monster rally leading to Christmas crashed, but it made a bit of a recovery in
and among a boom for a number of altcoins. However, Monday has not been a good day for the
entire cryptocurrency market.Looking down the graphs of the top cryptocurrencies, you’d be
hard-pressed to find one in the black as all of the top 10 coins hit a downward trend, led by Ripple
which had dropped by almost 28 percent over the last 24 hours.Red across the
boardCoinmarketcap showed some unpleasant numbers for all top 10 coins as Bitcoin was
registered as being down 11 percent, Ripple down 28 percent and Bitcoin Cash down 20
percent.Ripple’s losses were by and far the biggest, especially considering the growth the coin
experienced in the past few weeks. Ripple reached $3 a coin a few days ago after it was added to
Bloomberg’s price terminal in late December.South Korea also recently pushed up the altcoin
market as the mania strike the Asian country with Ripple’s doubling up attributed to South Korea
being taken with the Blockchain-based payment solution for enterprise-level global payment
transactions.A bubble in the Ripple?The low Ripple numbers may be down to the fact that
Coinmarketcap does not including information from some South Korean exchanges, but there are
other concerns afoot."The reason ripple is surging so much is it's a bubble," said Erik Voorhees,
CEO of digital asset exchange ShapeShift and a vocal advocate for Bitcoin as a way to separate
money and the state. "Testing crypto with banks doesn't make sense. The whole idea of crypto is
you don't need a bank.”The technology behind Ripple is aimed at large institutions, which has given
it an air of legitimacy which in turn has spurred the price and build a hype for investors.However,
cryptocurrency enthusiasts say that centralization is the exact opposite of what the technology of the
digital currencies should be about.Altcoin seasonMany saw the recent dip in Bitcoin’s dominance as
the reemergence of altcoins, with Ripple, and even other minor coins like Verge stealing the
limelight. However, this recent dip seems to suggest that there are still strong ties between many
coins to the dominant force that is Bitcoin.The adage goes that: 'A rising tide lifts all boats,' and the

same goes for a falling one. With Bitcoin still being the biggest boat in the bay, it makes sense that
should an issue affect it and its price, other coins in the crypto market will also feel the effect.Famed
stock picker Ronnie Moas recently predicted that there would be a reverse on this so-called ‘altcoin
season,’ and perhaps, this is it as everyone goes down before the most established digital currency
again rises up.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/cryptocurrency-market-takes-a-tumble-as-ripple-bubble-fear-looms

[2016-09-20]Accenture Creates a Blockchain Editing Tool

Accenture Creates a Blockchain Editing ToolAccenture is redefining the concept of Blockchain. The
tech services provider has recently patented a system which can be used to edit the blockchain
entries. With this new system, Accenture aims to accelerate the implementation of blockchain
technology in financial institutions across the world. However, the possibility of editing blockchain
entries hasn’t gone well with the cryptocurrency industry. The main advantage of blockchain
technology over other database systems is immutability, which in turn ensures accountability as well
as transparency of data...
http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/09/20/accenture-creates-blockchain-editing-tool/

[2018-04-21]Citigroup Has Started Headhunting Bitcoin Pros to Join Its
AML Group

Given the risks associated with money laundering, one of the largest companies on the American
financial market, Citigroup, has decided to hire a couple of cryptocurrency-educated workers.
Potential candidates possessing a so-called Bitcoin Professional Certification (BPC) are of greater
preference.The senior vice president “will support the Global Head of AML Monitoring Risk
Management-Emerging Risk by identifying, analyzing, and implementing AML transaction
monitoring risk programs related to developments in cybersecurity, cryptocurrency and emerging
payment technologies, products and methods,” the job ad posted on LinkedIn said.Read the details
in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/citigroup-started-headhunting-bitcoin-pros/

[2018-01-09] Steven Nerayoff says the cryptocurrency's value could triple
in 201

Ethereum co-creator Steven Nerayoff says increased projects built on the cryptocurrency could
trigger a "flippening" in 2018, in which ethereum overtakes bitcoin."What you're seeing with
ethereum is exponential increase in the number of projects — there are billions of dollars being
poured into the ecosystem right now — maybe 10 times more projects this year than last year,
which could easily lead to a doubling, probably a tripling in price by the end of the year," Nerayoff
said Monday on CNBC's "Fast Money."While bitcoin was designed to function as a peer to peer
electronic payment system, ethereum was designed for smart contracts that execute when specific
conditions are met. Nerayoff, who helped craft token sales for the ethereum project, said businesses
in an increasingly wide variety of industries are starting to take note of what value Ethereum's
protocol could offer them."You're seeing a tremendous amount of growth across a wide variety of
industries. Fintech is actually the natural area, but now you're seeing it becoming increasingly more
creative — you find projects in the oil and gas industry, you're finding government using it in their
applications, you're seeing it in gaming, all kinds of different areas," Nerayoff said.Beyond project
building, Nerayoff said usage is increasing because ethereum can process transactions more
quickly and cheaply than its rival."People are actually using it for currency, as well," he said. "Lower
transactional costs are increasing usage of the entire network, and that's increasing the network

effects of it. There are more users, more projects being built on there and more programmers," he
said.Despite his confidence, Nerayoff isn't discounting bitcoin and the interest in cryptocurrency it
inspired in 2017."The entire space is increasing. There is huge interest by the public and there are
more areas in which the public can invest, even in bitcoin, so you could just see an expansion in the
entire space," he said.Either way, when it comes to 2018, Nerayoff thinks ethereum is going to have
a good year.On the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange, bitcoin closed down 8.73 percent at
$14,766.86, with a market cap of $248 billion.Ethereum had an estimated $110 billion market cap at
close.https://www.cnbc.com/2018/01/08/ethereums-co-creator-predicts-a-flippening-with-bitcoin-in-2
018.html

[2018-1-5] Mark Zuckerberg wants to introduce cryptocurrency to facebook

Mark Zuckerberg wants to introduce a cryptocurrency on Facebook.January is the month of New
Year’s resolutions. Everyone makes one at least. Zuckerberg gave us a glimpse of some of his in a
Facebook post yesterday.On his profile, Zuckerberg highlighted some challenges facing the social
media giant. He has always claimed that Facebook’s mission is to “give power to people.” Many
hope that technology will be a decentralizing force that will make the individual meaningful.However,
Zuckerberg claims that many people no longer believe in these words. The reason for this is the
growth of several tech giants, some governments’ abuse of technology to monitor everyday people.
This abuse very often gives the impression that technological development contributes to the
centralization of power.more: https://dowbit.com/zuckerberg-cryptocurrency-facebook/

[2016-04-22] With BitBot, Bitcoin Trading Thrives in Indonesia

Indonesia, the fourth-largest country in the world by its population,  shows a rapid advancement of
cryptocurrency-related technologies. BitBot, a new mobile application available for Android users,
barges in as a new solution to make it easier for people to trade Bitcoin using indonesian fiat
currency, the Rupiah.Read More

[2016-04-22]BitPay Integrates Coinbase to Simplify Bitcoin Trading

BitPay Integrates Coinbase to Simplify Bitcoin TradingIt is not the first time BitPay mentions
exchange integration in their Copay multisignature solution, however, now we finally know which
platform will be used. The choice was made to integrate Coinbase into the Copay wallet solution,
giving users an easy way to sell Bitcoin, or buy cryptocurrency through bank transfers and plastic
cards. What makes this integration noteworthy is how this particular service is accessible across all
US states, Canada, and 30 other countries around the world. However, there is...read more

[2018-04-19] NASA Initiates Ethereum Blockchain Technology Research
for Space Co

NASA Initiates Ethereum Blockchain Technology Research for Space Communications and
NavigationThe National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) in collaboration with the
research University of Akron (UA) in Ohio, USA, just commenced a new research program that will
investigate practical applications of Ethereum-based blockchain technology for space
communication and navigation.Ethereum is a decentralized platform that runs smart contracts.
Applications are run exactly as programmed without the interference of downtime, censorship, fraud,
or third-party interference. These apps run on blockchains that are custom built as a global
infrastructure. The main advantage is that developers can create markets without a middleman or

other risks.Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/nasa-initiates-ethereum-blockchain-technology-research/

[2019-01-26]LocalBitcoins Compromised: Hacker Nets $28,600 Phishing
P2P Crypto 

The popular peer-to-peer cryptocurrency exchange LocalBitcoins has seemingly been
compromised, as users are reporting its forums were redirecting them to a login page that then sent
their details to a hacker. An address being shared already has nearly 8 BTC – around $28,600 – in
it.According to a thread on the popular r/Bitcoin subreddit, LocalBitcoins has been compromised by
a hacker looking to steal the exchange’s balances. Visiting its forums, they’re prompted with a login
screen that implies they’ve been logged out.Read more :
https://paperblockchain.com/localbitcoins-compromised-hacker-nets-28600-phishing-p2p-crypto-exc
hanges-users/

[2016-02-01]Bitcoin Businesses Resilient Despite Price Fluctuations

Bitcoin has experienced various price fluctuations since its inception, rising from around $100 to
over $1,100 per coin over the course of 2013, falling almost to $200 by the end of 2014, rising back
to around $450 by 2015’s close, and is currently valued close to $400, with minor fluctuations
continuing daily. Price uncertainty such as this poses a particular challenge to businesses
depending on a reliable stream of income to operate.Keep reading :
http://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-businesses-price-fluctuation

[2016-09-19] Olaf Carlson-Wee Aims to Strike It Rich with Blockchain
Hedge Fund

Leave it to a Millennial to come up with a way to disrupt disruption. Olaf Carlson-Wee, 27, was
working as head of risk at Coinbase, a San Francisco–based exchange for buying and selling digital
assets like Bitcoin, when he noticed several new developments in the nascent cryptocurrency
sector. “I thought, ‘As an investor, how can you best take advantage of these trends?’” recalls the
founder of hedge fund firm Polychain Capital.Over the past year the distributed ledger technology
that powers cryptocurrency transactions — specifically, the ever-growing blockchain database —
has begun to move far beyond the Bitcoin digital payment network. Financial tech–savvy
entrepreneurs are hitching their digital payment wagons to several sectors and trying to raise money
for their efforts via
cryptocurrency.http://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/3585999/banking-and-capital-markets-tra
ding-and-technology/olaf-carlson-wee-aims-to-strike-it-rich-with-blockchain-hedge-fund.html#/.V-AB
6q1p5WU

[2018-01-04] Leaders of the Blockchain Technologies Will Discuss at
WBCSummit

The Leaders of the Blockchain Technologies Will Discuss a Digital Future at
#WBCSummithttps://bitcoingarden.org/leaders-blockchain-technologies-will-discuss-digital-future-wb
csummit/#WBCSummit gathers the most engaged members of the global blockchain community, the
representatives of crypto associations, authorities, foundations, investment companies, banks and
IDACB’s partners. The summit will create a platform for the exchange of knowledge, experience and
success in the field of the blockchain technology and regulation. The sessions will be devoted to the

regulatory framework of cryptosphere and its interaction with the state bodies.More than 400
world-class professionals and 30 international organisations responsible for the blockchain
regulation in Europe, the North America, the Near East, Africa and Asia are joining the crowd at
#WBCSummit, including the most influential speakers of all time, like Llew Claasen (Bitcoin
Foundation), Kristof Van de Reck (NEM Foundation), Peter Sin Guili (ACCESS), Juwan Lee
(NexChange), Sohail Munir (Smart City Enablement Services, Smart Dubai Governmen), Evgeny
Gordeev (De Center), Alexander Ivanov (Waves Platform), Sergey Polikanov (Sberbank CIB), Elina
Sidorenko (MGIMO), top managers of the Central Bank of Russia and Gazprombank Digital....

[2016-09-18]Companies Concerned about Rising Ransomware and
Cyberthreats

Companies Concerned about Rising Ransomware and CyberthreatsThe New York State
Department of Financial Services recently released a draft dictating new cybersecurity regulations
for finance sector. Hailed the first of its kind in the United States, it has received a fair share of
criticism as well. The Bitcoin companies in the region come under NYDFS, which makes these new
regulations applicable to them as
well...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/09/18/ransomware-cyberthreats-concerns-companies/

[2018-04-18]Austin City Hopes Blockchain Technology will Help Protect the
Homele

The city of Austin, Texas, is testing the use of blockchain technology as a potential solution to
homeless identification problems.The Texan city is trying out the use of blockchain by homeless
individuals as an ID management platform using a grant awarded by Bloomberg Philanthropies it
has been officially announced. Bloomberg shows that, in Austin, more than 7,000 people are
homeless and they experience a lot of delays in getting social help because of ID issues.Read the
details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/blockchain-help-protect-homeless/

[2018-01-06] How Likely Is It That Bitcoin Will Hit $500k In Three Years?

Do you believe John McAfee is right about Bitcoin hitting $500,000 in 3 years? originally appeared
on Quora: the place to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and
better understand the world.Answer by Vladimir Novakovski, 8.5 years in hedge funds, on Quora:It’s
interesting that almost all existing analysis of cryptoassets are from the point of view of
fundamentals (or lack thereof). It’s often useful to look at things quantitatively instead.So here, what
we really want to understand is the probability of bitcoin reaching $500,000. There are a few ways to
do that.First, we can assume a completely random process and take a “gambler’s ruin” perspective.
What is the probability that a random process will hit $500,000 before it hits $0? Given that the price
as of Dec 2017 is about $15,000, we’d get $15,000/$500,000 = 3%.Another approach is to model
price as a lognormal process, which is a reasonable assumption to make for a broad set of assets.
See Why do prices and income follow a log-normal distribution?We’d then need to estimate volatility
and expected return of bitcoin. Expected return is harder to estimate — we can use the historical
return, but that’s a pretty biased estimate. For example, if you pick a stock that performed the best
out of the S&P 500 in the last 5 years, would you expect that stock to have the same expected
return going forward? Mostly likely not. Same with bitcoin — unless you already made a prediction
of its expected return before the really high realized return we see now, your Bayesian prior should
be lower.With that said, the general methodology of how to estimate distribution with a lognormal
process for asset price is described here: John Young's answer to What is the bitcoin price

prediction for 2019?Based on this, depending on how liberal you are about estimating expected
return, you’d be looking at a probability in the 1–10% range of reaching $500,000 in the next
year.Further methods would involve looking at option prices. Right now, there’s not a particularly
liquid market for options yet, but with bitcoin futures opening today, that may change soon. With
option prices, you’d actually be able to trade a call option with $500,000 strike, and the price of this
option would roughly be proportional to the probability of reaching that level by a certain maturity
date.So — to summarize, we are probably looking at a range of 1–10% probability of reaching
$500,000 in the next year, depending on how you model it. Beyond that, it’s harder to know, with
changes happening to the market like introduction of futures, but eventually there may be a liquid
market for making such predictions through options.Source

[2017-10-02]Slow Ascent? Bitcoin Prices Climb Toward $4,500 on Weak
Volumes 

Having defended its 50-day moving average last week, the bitcoin-U.S. dollar (BTC/USD) exchange
rate is looking up.Now eying the next psychological resistance level at $4,500, BTC/USD remains
well bid even despite the ripple effects of the recent regulatory news from China that caused the fall
below $3,000.At press time, it appears the country's bitcoin exchanges are following through with
earlier promises to shut down domestic trading operations, though the lack of major price movement
indicates the bearish news has now been priced in.Prices remained on the front foot over the
weekend, as investors shrugged off South Korea's decision to follow China in banning ICOs.
Moreover, ether has regained poise, which has helped stabilize sentiment in the cryptocurrency
space.At press time, the BTC/USD pair is trading at $4,420 – up 2.8 percent on the day. The
cryptocurrency is up 11.3 percent week-on-week, but still down 4.9 percent on a monthly basis.The
price action analysis suggests that the odds of the cryptocurrency revisiting record highs have
improved following the bullish price action over the weekend.However, patience will be tested as
trend indicators signal a lack of vigor in the market. Another slight cause of concern is that volumes
remain weak as well. The rebound from the 100-day moving average followed by a convincing break
above the 50-day moving average (as seen in July) coupled with a bullish relative strength index
(RSI) and the directional movement index (DMI) indicate scope for a rally to $4,692 (September 6
high) and possibly $5,000 (record high).DMI is used to confirm price action, and a bullish crossover
occurs when the green line crosses up through the red line.Only a convincing break below $4,180
(confluence of the 50-day moving average and the rising trend line) would abort short-term bullish
bias on bitcoin. Despite the bullish break above the 50-day moving average, volumes have
remained low.The average directional index (ADX) line is sloping downwards, suggesting the bullish
move lacks strength.ViewAlthough the medium-term outlook is constructive, a minor pullback to
$4,200 cannot be ruled out, courtesy of weak volumes and lack of strength as indicated by the ADX
line.Source:
https://www.coindesk.com/slow-ascent-bitcoin-prices-edge-higher-despite-weak-volumes/

[2018-01-06] ‘Go Beyond Headlines, Hype to Find Crypto Risks’ Urges
Idaho Finan 

‘Go Beyond Headlines, Hype to Find Crypto Risks’ Urges Idaho Finance ChiefIdaho lawmakers
have told the public to “look beyond the headlines” so they can “understand the risks” posed by
investing in cryptocurrency.In an official news release Thursday, the state’s Department of Finance
(DATE) quoted director Gavin Lee saying investors should avoid “hype” when products or services
involving cryptocurrency of any kind are involved.He warned:    “Investors should go beyond the
headlines and hype to understand the risks associated with investments in cryptocurrencies, as well
as cryptocurrency futures contracts and other financial products where these virtual currencies are
linked in some way to the underlying investment.”In issuing the warning, Idaho joins the growing

regulatory patchwork in effect across the US, with different states adopting fragmented attitudes
towards virtual currency. Alaska also entered the fray this week, with Division of Banking and
Securities director Kevin Anselm telling residents to exercise caution.    “We’re seeing a number of
people contacted by sellers of virtual currencies or sellers that want people to get in on initial coin
offerings, including virtual currencies.”Year of Bitcoin?At the national level, traders are waiting with
bated breath for what may be a breakout year for Bitcoin-related financial instruments in 2018. The
long-awaited Bitcoin ETF could be approved this year, rumors have suggested, following strong
sentiment following the debut of Bitcoin futures trading last month.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/go-beyond-headlines-hype-to-find-crypto-risks-urges-idaho-finance-
chief

[2018-04-17] Report: Less Than 1% of Bitcoin Used for Illegal Purposes

Cryptocurrencies are regularly accused of causing “deaths in a fairly direct way” (as Bill Gates put
it). A report released by The Foundation for Defense of Democracies found that less than one
percent of Bitcoin is used for illegal purposes.Bitcoin Not as Criminal as Some Might ThinkAaron
Shamo, a 28-year-old Bitcoin enthusiast who became a millionaire since the cryptocurrency rally in
late 2017, was found to be a drug dealer, according to the police. Shamo has allegedly trafficked
fentanyl, a powerful opioid, which may have caused 28 fatal overdoses and is now in prison awaiting
trial. He has pleaded not guilty as he faces a mandatory life sentence if convicted.The modus
operandi of the alleged drug ring used Bitcoin as the means of payment. “We have switched to
bitcoin payments only. Now you will enjoy a 10 percent less price tag on all products. Good part is
that paying by bitcoin you can order as much as you like with no limit”, said an e-mail from the
dealer.Law enforcement found six websites offering fentanyl and all of them listed Bitcoin as the
preferred method of payment. “Because it’s anonymous, it’s the currency of choice for these drug
traffickers,” said Ohio Republican Rob Portman, head of a Senate committee investigating the
matter. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has called the use of Bitcoin on the dark web “a big
problem.”Most cryptocurrency advocates dismiss the argument that Bitcoin is a problem. “Blaming
Bitcoin for this crisis would make as much sense as blaming the internet or cars that drug traffickers
have to use”, said Perianne Boring, president of the Chamber of Digital Commerce.The anonymity
argument is also problematic as buying Bitcoin requires real money and cryptocurrency exchanges
now collect personal information from users, who also need to convert their Bitcoin back into fiat for
consumer spending. “At some point, Bitcoin is only as good as where you can spend it. You look at
where the currency enters the mainstream financial system in order to get spent”, said a Justice
Department official.The Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a foreign policy think tank,
released a report that found less than one percent of Bitcoin is used for illegal purposes and almost
all of the illicit activity came from transactions on the dark web;“Better privacy may be a critical
feature for legal cryptocurrency use to grow, but this must be balanced with the need for law
enforcement to be able to trace transactions in some circumstances,”Tom Robinson, Chief Data
Officer at Elliptic, said the report“demonstrates the transparency of the Bitcoin blockchain, and the
analytical techniques that can be used by law enforcement to trace and apprehend cybercriminals,
and by financial institutions to prevent the reintroduction of this dirty money into the mainstream
financial system.”Crime has existed long before Bitcoin and will continue to leverage new
technologies to its own
benefit.https://www.newsbtc.com/2018/04/17/report-less-1-bitcoin-used-illegal-purposes/

[2017-10-03] Boston Fed VP: Blockchain Will Wake Up Swift 

Quote"What's the future of Swift?" Since the rise of blockchain technology, the fate of the financial
messaging platform has been at the center of discussions between startups and incumbents.
However, the subject was raised again recently by a perhaps unlikely source: Jim Cunha, senior

vice president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston.A high-ranking official at one of the 12
institutions that comprise the U.S. central bank system, Cunha drew laughs at a fintech conference
hosted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia last week when he jokingly tried to defer the
question to another panelist.But despite the acknowledgment of how contentious that question can
be, eventually, he answered, and in doing so, he showcased an acceptance of the changing role
middlemen of all kinds will have to adopt to stay relevant as industries begin migrating to
blockchains.More of this here...I always love the fact that blockchain technology is here to disrupt
many institutions (that we know for years and have already suffered the many signs of aging) and
even people as it can be that catalyst of change we need. Blockchain technology is now posing a
big challenge to SWIFT and am sure that it will be forced to come up with its own defense soon as
there are now many groups using the innovations provided by blockchain to challenge its role and
market reach. 

[2018-04-17] Bitcoin Merchant Adoption Might Just Be Accelerating In Asia

Bitcoin isn't for payments?While that may be the popular narrative of late, don't tell that to Bellatorra
Skin Care, a luxury brand that has found the opposite as it's expanded internationally into markets
such as China and India.Not only is bitcoin (which has seen years of declining interest from
merchants as the network bumped up against its limits) a sought-after choice for
business-to-business (B2B) payments, but for retail payments, other cryptocurrencies are finding a
foothold as well."We expanded our business internationally this past year, and have had strong
demand [for cryptocurrency] from customers in markets such as China and India, where fiat
cross-border transactions have inefficiencies," said Nathan Halsey, the CEO of Bellatorra, based in
Beverly Hills, California.Halsey told CoinDesk:"We have found cryptocurrency to be a viable solution
for resolving these challenges, and we see other companies with international business adopting the
same practices."Indeed, one of the early use cases highlighting bitcoin's innovation was
cross-border payments where there were bottlenecks and high fees for transacting.Bellatorra ran
into these hurdles in Asian markets and says its wholesale customers began asking for the option of
paying in bitcoin. So in July 2017, the company began a relationship with bitcoin merchant services
provider BitPay."We have completed multiple six-figure transactions, without an issue, and have
settled funds from the time of customer payment to settling in U.S. dollars in our U.S. bank accounts
in less than one business day," Halsey continued.And according to BitPay CEO Stephen Pair,
Bellatorra's experience in circumventing cumbersome traditional payments rails with crypto isn't
uncommon. Cosmetic companies such as Nuciya Beauty in Canada have found that people tend to
spend more per purchase when they use cryptocurrency.As such, Bellatorra is looking into adopting
other cryptocurrencies, and making them a bigger segment of their business, in the future."We are
definitely pro-cryptocurrency as a payment option," Halsey said, adding that the company has
started holding onto small amounts of the cryptocurrencies it accepts instead of immediately cashing
out.Full article: https://www.coindesk.com/crypto-payments-are-booming-in-asia/

[2018-01-03] Happy Birthday Bitcoin! Leading Cryptocurrency Turns Nine
Today

The Bitcoin whitepaper was released back in 2008 by a person or group going by the name Satoshi
Nakamoto. Today marks nine years since the Genesis block, the first block ever mined, was
created.HAPPY BIRTHDAY!It’s been a long road, but the network is now nine years old. The first
block, created by Bitcoin’s creator, was mined one January 3rd, 2009 at 6:15 PM UTC. When blocks
are created, the miner who produces them can leave a message in the block. Most mining pools will
simply state their name along with maybe support for a proposal currently on the table. Satoshi
created Bitcoin amid the housing and real estate crash during the latter half of the last decade. The
first block has this etched into it, for all time:"The Times 03/Jan/2009 Chancellor on brink of second

bailout for banks"-Satoshi NakamotoThis quote gives some serious insight surrounding the motives
of the anonymous developer. Satoshi continued the project until 2010, when he handed over the
role of Lead Maintainer to then-Core developer Gavin Andresen. After that, he disappeared from the
community and has yet to be heard from since.BITCOIN PRICE EVOLUTION1 bitcoin first hit parity
with the US dollar in February of 2011, and by the middle of the year, it was over $30. This price
would not last forever, however, as by the end of the year it was back at just around $2. In April
2013, Bitcoin managed to top out at over $250 before crashing back down to under $100. Bitcoin’s
price flirted with the quadruple-digit mark and finally surpassed it during the MtGOX crisis.MtGOX
was an extremely popular Bitcoin exchange back in the day, responsible for more than half of the
Bitcoin transaction on the network. It turned out that MtGOX was insolvent, and had a trade bot
artificially pumping the price.The price crashed quickly and continued to go down for a while,
bottoming out at $600. This event was followed by nearly a two-year bear market, with little to no
price growth. It wasn’t until 2016 when the value started to pick up again, and by the end of the year,
it was back over $1000.2017 was one of the best years Bitcoin has every seen, starting at just
around $1000 at the beginning of the year and it stopped for no one. It quickly soared to $2500, and
even over $3000 before the correction. By December, Bitcoin was over $10,000. Some exchanges
showed bitcoin prices over $20,000, but the current price sits just around $15,000.Bitcoin has a
massive amount of momentum going for it right now, and 2018 is slated to be just as exciting. With
technical upgrades that will revolutionize the network coming through the pipeline such as Lightning
Network, along with traditional financial institutions starting to get into the market like the CME and
CBOE futures markets, the next 12 months will be very
interesting.http://bitcoinist.com/happy-birthday-bitcoin-leading-cryptocurrency-turns-nine-today/

[2017-04-28]Exclusive: Jihan Wu Confirms Backdoor Claims in Bitcoin
Miner Bitmai

Exclusive: Jihan Wu Confirms Backdoor Claims in Bitcoin Miner BitmainThe bitcoin community is
abuzz with news that Bitmain bitcoin miners allow for remote code execution which can shut-down
70% of the hashrate. We asked Jihan Wu for comments, specifically whether it’s true “it could allow
Bitmain to shut down 70% of the hashrate.” His reply: “it’s true.”In a public statement, Bitmain
said:“We need to clarify the intention of having this feature. We planned to add this feature to the
code to empower customers to control their miners which often times can be hosted outside their
premises. This was after more than one incident of miners being stolen from a mining farm or being
hijacked by the operator of the mining farm.// Get exclusive analysis of bitcoin and learn from our
tutorials. Join Hacked.com for just $39 now. //This feature was intended to allow the owners of
Antminer to remotely shut down their miners that may have been stolen or hijacked by their hosting
service provider, and to also provide law enforcement agencies with more tracking information in
such cases. We never intended to use this feature on any Antminer without authorization from its
owner. This is similar to the remote erase or shutdown feature provided by most famous smartphone
manufacturers.”Jihan Wu told CCN (in the unedited quote below to avoid any potential unintentional
misrepresentation or miscommunication):“IT is a bug that we have leave a incomplete feature in the
code base. It is supposed to be a feature to help our customers to track their mining rigs when they
host rigs in some service providers with uncertainty. The feature development was incomplete due
to some technical problems, but sadly the code is still there. The testing server has been shuttled
down long time ago. We would suggest our users to upgrade to new firmware, or simply block the
DNS of auth.minerlink.com.”Jihan Wu apologized, further stating the bug has been addressed in the
new release:“We apologize for this bug and it has already been fixed in the new
release.”https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/jihan-wu-confirms-claims-of-a-backdoor-in-bitmain-apolo
gizes-says-its-a-bug/

[2018-04-16] Ruler of Dubai launches UAE blockchain strategy

His Highness, Shiek Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the Ruler of Dubai and Vice President and
Prime Minister of the UAE has announced his plans on adopting the blockchain technology as
means of development and a way to lead the world in terms of adopting new technology.Source:
https://ambcrypto.com/ruler-of-dubai-launches-uae-blockchain-strategy/

[2016-06-23] More Red Candles Push Bitcoin Price Down Further

The world of Bitcoin is always filled with surprises, and every day presents new challenges. Just a
few days ago, the Bitcoin price seemed to be surging towards US$800 for the time in years. But that
upward trend took a turn for the worse a few days ago after the Bitfinex exchange suffered from
unexpected downtime. That was only the beginning of this downward trend, though.Over the past
few days, the Bitcoin price continued its downward momentum. This is not due to a lack of trading
volume, mind you, as China remains very bullish and bearish on trading the popular cryptocurrency.
Over the past 24 hours, there has been nearly 2 million Bitcoin in trading volume to hit the CNY
market alone.http://themerkle.com/more-red-candles-push-bitcoin-price-down-further/

[2019-01-10] If Blockchain and AI had a baby, what would it look like?

If Blockchain and AI had a baby, what would it look like?Businesses are looking for new methods to
conduct their operations faster all the time. Competition is fierce, no matter what sector you are
talking about. The current Business Intelligence (BI) systems to get the job done but there are many
other products out there that can be very interesting.Moreover, a combination of two solutions that
are both new might be even more interesting as well. The blockchain technology is seeing its rise to
power right now. Since 2009, cryptocurrency solutions have steadily gained popularity, peaking at
Q4 of the year 2017. Artificial intelligence (AI) was always part of the science world and more on the
fiction side.Thus, we made a review about these two potentially awesome platforms that can really
turn the world around if combine properly. We also go through latest developments in the blockchain
industry, giving out really interesting new solutions for businesses across different industries.source:
https://paperblockchain.com/if-blockchain-and-ai-had-a-baby-what-would-it-look-like/

[2016-01-30]Netcoins Virtual Bitcoin ATMs Cater to “Tech-Savvy
Demographic”

Feature Interview: Netcoins Virtual Bitcoin ATMs Cater to “Tech-Savvy Demographic”Netcoins is a
Canadian-based startup that has developed the world’s first “virtual” Bitcoin ATM. By offering
no-cost entry for retailers into the Bitcoin space, the company aims to offer online and physical retail
shops a new way of attracting tech-savvy customers that typically shop online...continue to
read:https://btcmanager.com/news/feature-interview-netcoins-virtual-bitcoin-atms-cater-to-tech-savv
y-demographic/

[2019-01-10] Will Japan Approve a Bitcoin ETF?

Bloomberg have this week reported that the Financial Services Agency in Japan is considering a
Bitcoin Exchange Traded Fund (ETF). According to the article, the agency is currently investigating
the level of popularity such a move would have in the country, having distanced itself from the
possibility of Bitcoin futures.Read more: https://coinlu.com/will-japan-approve-a-bitcoin-etf/

[2016-01-30] Digital Currency Group Hints At Going Public In The Future

Barry Silbert and Digital Currency Group are two names many Bitcoin enthusiasts will be more than
familiar with. It should come as no surprise to find out that DCG is keeping a close eye on the
progress of Bitcoin and blockchain technology in India, which is one of the world’s leading emerging
markets. Unocoin is one of the leading Bitcoin in India, and DCG has invested in this company,
among others.http://bitcoinist.net/digital-currency-group-hints-at-going-public-in-the-future/

[2019-01-09]Italy Launches a Blockchain Technology Commission

Recently, the Ministry of Economic Development in Italy, headed by Luigi di Maio, selected 30
high-level experts to form a blockchain technology development committee.Apart from managing
financial payments, financial transactions or insurance uses, the development of the Italian national
strategy in DLT and AI is in the hands of these selected teams of experts. These experts will be
responsible for developing and explaining the national strategy on artificial intelligence (AI) and
blockchain, and analyzing possible application cases especially in public and private services.Read
the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/italy-launches-blockchain-technology-commission/

[2016-09-15]Bitcoin Price Watch; Playing The Scalps

Bitcoin Price Watch; Playing The ScalpsSo the day has come to an end out of Europe, and it’s time
to take the second of our twice daily looks at the bitcoin price. Things have been pretty good to us
as late – we’ve had plenty of opportunities to get in and out of the markets according to our intraday
strategy (well, the breakout scalp side of it, at least, not so much the intrarange approach) meaning
we are looking almost certain to close out the week net positive on the bitcoin price
markets...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/09/15/bitcoin-price-watch-playing-scalps/

[2016-06-21] Bitfinex exchange platform brought down indefinitely due to
datacen

Right when trading is at it’s most feverish, with bitcoin volume skyrocketing over the past week and
now starting to correct itself, bitcoin exchange Bitfinex has suffered a severe outage taking down
their entire platform indefinitely.Read more:
http://bitcoinx.io/news/articles/bitfinex-exchange-platform-brought-down-indefinitely-due-to-datacent
er-issues/

[2017-01-02] Peter Thiel’s Founders Fund Makes Monster Bet on Bitcoin

Founders Fund, the venture-capital firm co-founded by Peter Thiel, has amassed hundreds of
millions of dollars of the volatile cryptocurrency, people familiar with the matter said. The bet has
been spread across several of the firm’s most recent funds, the people said, including one that
began investing in mid-2017 and made bitcoin one of its first investments.Full article here :
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/02/business/dealbook/2018-business-trump.html

[2017-04-22] How Cashaa Exploits Bitcoin Price Differentials for
Remittances

According to the article this is what Cashaa does.Founded in 2016, the service works by connecting
traditional remittance participants with two traders, each of whom are able to execute bitcoin-fiat
trades in each local currency. Due to price arbitrage opportunities that exist in the global crypto
markets, the traders using Cashaa are able to make a profit while filling Cashaa's order book.My
question is could a service like Cashaa be created as a layer on top of bitcoin or as a service in a
platform like Ethereum so that users can take advantage of the price differentials on different
exchanges? Read the full article
http://www.coindesk.com/cashaa-exploits-bitcoin-price-differentials-remittances/

[2018-04-14]  Markets #GettingBuzz APR 13, 2018 @ 08:46 PM A Bullish
Sign Return

Major cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple and EOS have been on fire lately. Over the
last seven days, Bitcoin is up 21.80%, Ethereum is up 39.36%, Ripple is up 40.89% and EOS
51.84%--see table 1.Table 17d Price Change For Major
CryptocurrenciesCryptocurrency 
40.89EOS 
rally extends across the entire chain. Only one cryptocurrency out of the top 100 dropped in the last
seven days, while 99 advancedsource here:
https://www.forbes.com/sites/panosmourdoukoutas/2018/04/13/a-bullish-sign-returns-for-bitcoin-eth
ereum-ripple-eos-and-other-cryptocurrencies/#6a4a06496fbf

                51.84Source: Coinmarketcap.com 4/13/18 at 10:30 a.m.The cryptocurrency

        39.36Ripple 

 %7dBitcoin 

        21.80Ethereum 

       

[2016-09-14] N O D E: OpenDime, Real Life Cyberpunk Cred Sticks
(VIDEO)

OpenDime, Real Life Cyberpunk Cred Stickshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypQHc3EQVfEIf
there's ever any doubt that we're currently living in a cyberpunk world, then the OpenDime
(http://OpenDime.com) sticks should help put that to rest. 

[2017-09-29] IMF chief tells central bankers: Ignore Bitcoin at your peril

LONDON — Christine Lagarde, the head of the International Monetary Fund, has a message for the
world’s central bankers: Don’t be Luddites.Addressing a Bank of England conference, Lagarde
conceded that digital currencies, such as Bitcoin, don’t currently pose a major threat to the status
quo, as they are “too volatile, too risky, too energy-intensive.” Some have also been hacked, she
noted.But in time, she argued Friday, technological innovations could address some of these issues
and as such it “may not be wise to dismiss virtual currencies.”In the future, she said, virtual
currencies “might just give existing currencies and monetary policy a run for their
money.”http://www.denverpost.com/2017/09/29/imf-chief-warns-bankers-bitcoin/?preview_id=28050
43

[2017-04-19] DCEBrief: OKCoin Joins Bitfinex in Suspension of US Dollar
Deposits

OKCoin Joins Bitfinex in Suspension of US Dollar
Depositshttps://dcebrief.com/okcoin-joins-bitfinex-in-suspension-of-us-dollar-deposits/

[2018-03-27] Twitter Confirms Ban On Cryptocurrency ADS

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Twitter has publicly announced that they will start instituting a ban on cryptocurrency ads, including
ICOs, following in the footsteps of Google and Facebook.Bitcoinist reported several weeks ago that
Twitter was reportedly set to begin banning cryptocurrency ads on a global scale. Now the news is
confirmed as the social media platform has announced that they will begin the crypto crackdown due
to an ongoing effort to reduce fraud and protect users.The long march towards banningTwitter is the
latest entry on a growing list of internet sites that are banning cryptocurrency ads. Facebook was the
first, announcing their decision back in January to ban all advertising for ICOs and cryptocurrencies.
Facebook was then followed by Google, which plans on enacting their ban in June.Since then,
pressure has mounted on Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and the social media site to follow suit. A lot of
people have expressed frustration over how many fraudulent accounts and scam artists were
populating the social media space. Now Twitter has taken action, starting today. A spokesman for
the social media giant states:"We are committed to ensuring the safety of the Twitter community. As
such, we have added a new policy for Twitter Ads relating to cryptocurrency. Under this new policy,
the advertisement of Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) and token sales will be prohibited globally. We will
continue to iterate and improve upon this policy as the industry evolves."Not a total banHowever, it
is important to note that this Twitter ban is not a complete and total one. Cryptocurrency wallet
services and exchanges that are publicly listed on “certain major stock markets” will be allowed to
continue advertising their services. In Japan, only those exchanges that are under the country’s
Financial Services Agency regulation will be allowed to advertise.Overall, this news is being met
with considerable enthusiasm. The consensus is that such banning of cryptocurrencies and ICO ads
will cripple the many fraudulent operations that are clogging up the crypto space. Banning ads is
seen as cutting off the oxygen to the crypto bad actors, which will help legitimate enterprises.Of
course, another major reason behind the banning of cryptocurrency ads is that of liability. Twitter,
Facebook, and Google are all protecting themselves from being held liable if a scam artist uses their
platforms to swindle people. As big as they are, these internet behemoths want no part of a
crypto-based class action lawsuit.Source:
http://bitcoinist.com/verge-hits-crowd-fund-target-price-spike-follows/

[2018-01-01] Crypto Market Crash - Not The New Year’s Present Everyone
Hoped For

Crypto Market Crash - Not The New Year’s Present Everyone Hoped ForThe cryptocurrency market
has experienced a powerful drop this Friday and Saturday. Coins were losing value across the
board, with just three of the top twenty by market capitalization displaying growth of over 10 percent:
Cardano, Qtum and Neo.Bitcoin, on the other hand, has dropped from a Friday high of $15,266 to
as low as $12,350 on Saturday. The past two weeks have been very volatile for the original
cryptocurrency, as it has achieved an all-time high of $20,000 on Dec. 17, 2017, only to hold it for a
single day and consequently lose about 32 percent of that value, as of press time.The latest fall
seems to be the continuation of that trend, with no recovery in sight yet.Ripple, which has just
recently displaced Ethereum as the highest altcoin by market capitalization, has similarly dropped by
at least 20 percent over the past two days. Despite experiencing a powerful surge this week, it
hasn’t been spared from the “crypto massacre.”Fortunately for holders of Ethereum, its drop has
been less prominent. A fall from $769 to $685, constituting just an 11 percent loss of value,
compares much more favorably to the performance of Bitcoin and Ripple. Especially if you consider
the slight recovery of 2.22 percent over the past 24 hours.Overall, 2017 has been a good year for
Ethereum, seeing the coin rise from mere $8 to its own all-time high of $750 and beyond, and so far
it seems to be maintaining that dynamic.Other prominent cryptocurrencies have also lost value over
the past two days, including Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, NEM, Dash, Monero, and others. This year has
been very positive for the vast majority of coins, possibly indicating that the crash of the past two
days is a temporary retracement of that progress, which may be followed by resumed growth.As of
press time, most cryptocurrencies have either started growing or slowed down their downward

 
trends.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/crypto-market-crash-not-the-new-years-present-everyone-hoped-for

[2016-06-21] Craig Wright's Claims About Inventing Bitcoin Still Don't
Make....

Craig Wright's Claims About Inventing Bitcoin Still Don't Make Any Goddamn SenseNew details
have emerged in the saga of Bitcoin’s mysterious creator Satoshi Nakamoto. Last night, the London
Review of Books published an incredibly detailed, 35,000-word story about the recent turmoil of
Craig Wright, an Australian businessman who claims to have invented Bitcoin. The story offers
plenty of fascinating tidbits about the entire Wright saga, but fails to answer a question that’s
fundamental to the story: How did a man so obsessed with security get hacked so damn
badly?http://gizmodo.com/craig-wrights-claims-about-inventing-bitcoin-still-dont-1782303576

[2017-12-28] Dancing With the Devil: ‘Cashing Out’ Cryptos Into Fiat Not
So Easy

Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency assets are precious and some of them have grown over 1300
percent in value this year. Although, with the price on exchanges being higher than ever before its
now a bit more difficult for those who want to ‘cash out’ or make significantly large purchases without
being watched by the prying eyes of tax collectors and governments.Lately across social media and
forums, you can find posts written by individuals who have ‘cashed out.’ Maybe they bought a luxury
car like a Lambo, paid off their mortgage, or cleared their student loans with cryptocurrency gains.
However some of conversations online concerning how to cash out detail how difficult it is without
being watched, or being stopped by the third party payment processors.Read More Here >>> 
https://news.bitcoin.com/dancing-with-the-devil-cashing-out-cryptos-into-fiat-not-so-easy/

[2017-04-17]Bitcoin is Now Larger Than Some Fiat Currencies in Europe &
Americas

Bitcoin is Now Larger Than Some Fiat Currencies in Europe & Americas in Market CapThe user
base and market cap of bitcoin are larger than most fiat currencies of small countries in Central
America, Africa and Europe. The next step for bitcoin is to surpass the market cap of reserve
currencies, to establish itself as the global currency used by mainstream users and general
consumers.The truth is, bitcoin as a technology is not capable of surpassing the value or user base
of reserve currencies as of yet. Various scaling issues have to be addressed and solutions must be
implemented. One of these solutions is Bitcoin Core’s Segregated Witness. If both the on-chain
capacity and two-layer solutions of bitcoin are expanded and improved, bitcoin will be able to
compete with larger fiat and reserve currencies of the world.Still, the bitcoin network has
demonstrated a significant rate of growth in terms of market cap and user base. Most notably,
Blockchain, a popular bitcoin wallet platform, recorded over 6 million new users in the past 12
months. Other competing wallet platforms such as Coinbase have also shown a rapid growth rate,
with the Coinbase wallet platform serving over 6 million users.// Get exclusive analysis of bitcoin and
learn from our tutorials. Join Hacked.com for just $39 now. //Coinbase and Blockchain alone are
currently serving nearly 20 million wallet users. Apart from these regular day-to-day users, there
exists many investors in regulated bitcoin exchange and trading platforms such as BitFlyer, Bitfinex
and Bitstamp that hold bitcoin as an investment.According to an infographic provided by a user of a
bitcoin online community, the userbase of bitcoin is larger than many countries including Norway
and Finland. The market cap of bitcoin is higher than the majority of fiat currencies in the world.
Bitcoin has a higher market cap than the currencies of the following countries:Mongolia, Bolivia,

Paraguay, Papua New Guinea, Thailand, Laos, Sudan, Senegal, Nigeria and more. The full list of
countries can be seen in the infographic shown below:Importance of Scaling For Bitcoin Mainstream
AdoptionBitcoin, as noted in Satoshi Nakamoto’s original white paper, was designed and introduced
to operate as a peer to peer electronic cash system. Due to its high fees and relatively long
confirmation times however, since 2015, bitcoin has begun to operate as digital gold. In order for
bitcoin to appeal to the masses, it needs to be able to handle small payments that are cheap, secure
and fast. In other words, for bitcoin to surpass the value of reserve currencies and obtain a massive
user base, it has to refer back to Nakamoto’s original vision of bitcoin.Technologically, bitcoin is not
there yet. The open source development community of bitcoin is working toward adding a settlement
layer on top of bitcoin so that it can operate as both digital gold and settlement network.
Technologies like Segwit, Lightning and Tumblebit are all designed to add that second layer of
infrastructure to handle small payments for day-to-day users.In a way, the comparison digital
currencies such as bitcoin to fiat currencies or reserve currencies that are actively utilized by their
users on a daily basis could be incoherent. However, if bitcoin is used as a digital cash system as
Nakamoto outlined in 2009 in the future, then this comparison could be more
relevant.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-now-larger-fiat-currencies-europe-americas-mark
et-cap/

[2018-04-10] 23 Cryptocurrency Exchanges in South Korea to
Self-Regulate, 10 ...

23 Cryptocurrency Exchanges in South Korea to Self-Regulate, 10 Opt-OutThe need for
cryptocurrency self-regulation in South Korea is rising as banks still refuse to issue new virtual
accounts for most crypto exchanges. The Korean Blockchain Association is preparing self-regulatory
standards. Thirty-three exchanges were asked to undergo a review; twenty-three agreed but ten
refused, according to local media.23 Exchanges to Self-RegulateThe Korean Blockchain
Association is preparing a self-regulatory review of cryptocurrency exchanges operating in the
country as well as launching standards for self-regulation. Jeon Jae-jin, chairman of the
association’s self-regulation committee, was quoted by Seoul Finance explaining, “We will focus on
establishing the safety and transparency of the exchanges.”“The association predicted [that the]
self-regulatory review will be smooth,” the news outlet noted, adding that thirty-three member
exchanges were asked by the association to undergo a self-regulatory review. Twenty-three of them
agreed; the remaining ten refused and were cast out of the association. Among them was Coinnest,
whose CEO was recently arrested.According to the publication, the member exchanges at the time
of this writing are Glosfer, Nexcoin, Neoframe, Upbit, Bithumb, Gopax, Coinlink, Scoin, Okcoin
Korea, Whalex, Zeniex, Kairex, Kcx Exchange, Komid, Korbit, Coinone, Coinzest, Coinplug, Crypto
Company, Dexko, Korea Encryption, Money Exchange, and Huobi Korea.Read more:
https://news.bitcoin.com/23-cryptocurrency-exchanges-south-korea-self-regulate-10-opt-out/

[2017-09-07] Binance Update 2017/09/06 (restrict all Chinese IP from
trading )

Binance Update 2017/09/06 Avatar  Binance14 minutes ago UpdatedHi Everyone,In accordance
with the recent notice from China PBoC and requests from various government offices, Binance will
make the following adjustments:Per requests from their respective core teams, we will suspend
trading and deposit services of the following tokens: HCC, LLT, ELC, BTM, YOYO.  Withdrawal will
continue to work.  Each team will announce the refund plan of their tokens.We will restrict all
Chinese IP addresses from trading.  They will continue to be able to visit the user center and make
withdrawals.Binance will perform a system upgrade from 2017/09/07 00:00 (Beijing Time).  The
upgrade is expected to last 2-3 hours.  We will suspend registration, login, deposit, withdraw and
trading during the upgrade.  We will try to shorten the downtime as much as possible.  The above 2

changes will be in effect after this upgrade.Going forward, Binance will refocus and redouble our
efforts in servicing our international audience, which currently accounts for 82.5% of our user base
(according to Alexa).  We will also speed up listing of popular western coins.  We want to thank the
communities for supporting us, and will list 5 coins from the voting list.  Details will follow.As always,
thank you for your strong support!Binance
Team2017/09/06https://binance.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001444731-Binance-Update-201
7-09-06

[2017-04-15]F2Pool Signaling for Segregated Witness

The mining pool F2Pool started signaling for Segregated Witness in Bitcoin and Litecoin. The owner
of the pool Wang Chun has wrote about one in Twitter...Read more here
https://bit.news/eng/f2pool-announced-support-segwit/

[2018-04-09] Twitter Cancels @Bitcoin Account as its CEO Invests in
Lightning Ne

Twitter Cancels @Bitcoin Account as its CEO Invests in Competing Lightning NetworkIs a conflict of
interest at play?“So this is how free speech dies,” wrote Bitcoin Cash enthusiast Roger Ver on
Twitter. “With thunderous applause.”Roger Ver, a former Bitcoin ‘evangelist’ who was once known
as the ‘Bitcoin Jesus’, was responding to Twitter’s decision to suspend the @Bitcoin account, an
account that had been used for the promotion of Bitcoin Cash. The account was suspended on
Sunday, April 8, reportedly because of a number of complaints by other Twitter users; some suspect
that an “army” of Bitcoin supporters were responsible for them.According to a CoinTelegraph report,
some Reddit users have suspected that Ver has been the operator of the @Bitcoin account “due to
an alleged coincidence with the Tweets that both Ver’s Twitter and @Bitcoin ‘liked.’” These users
have pointed out that if Ver was somehow able to purchase control of the account, which has been
posting what some have called pro-BCH “propaganda” for months, that the account was indeed in
violation of Twitter’s rules.Who’s At Fault?While many Bitcoin supporters were happy to see
@Bitcoin go, other voices in the crypto community–including plenty of Bitcoin Cash
supporters–agreed with Ver.What was especially troubling to these BCH supporters is the presence
of a possible conflict of interest. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey made a $2.5 million contribution to
Lightning Labs several weeks ago. Lightning Labs is the firm responsible for creating the Lightning
Network, a second-layer solution to the Bitcoin network’s scalability problems. If the Lightning
Network is successfully deployed, it could drive mass amounts of users away from BCH and onto
BTC.“Welcome to the new Silicon Valley,” wrote Reddit user BeijingBitcoins. “All these guys who
thought they were being disruptive to the old ways of doing things have instead amplified the
censorship, information control, and social manipulation to levels that would have Orwell turning in
his grave.”However, not everyone believes that the decision to suspend the @Bitcoin account was
as ‘Orwellian’ as some are making it out to be. ‘Cypherpunk’ Jameson Lopp replied to Ver’s tweet,
saying that “freedom of speech means that the government won’t throw you in a cage for saying
something it doesn’t condone. Freedom of speech doesn’t mean that you can do whatever you want
on someone else’s property.”See more:
https://www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/news/twitter-cancels-bitcoin-account-ceo-invests-
competing-lightning-network/

[2018-04-09]Antigua and Barbuda is Determined to Launch a
Cryptocurrency Exchan

The government of Antigua and Barbuda is eager to set up the first cryptocurrency exchange in the

country. The project is expected to boost wealth and economic growth of the nation’s financial
market. The appropriate legal framework is soon to come, local news outlet the Daily Observer
reported.“By establishing our own exchange we will bring Antigua and Barbuda into the game. This
will give our country an advantage in case there will be a potential economic spinoff because we will
be in the front seat,” the country’s minister for Information Technology Melford Nicholas stated.Read
the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/antigua-and-barbuda-determined-to-launch-cryptocurrency-exchange/

[2016-06-19] Blockchain and Payments Infrastructure: A Regulator’s
Dilemma?

Gabrielle Patrick is a UK and US lawyer specializing in cryptofinance and distributed ledger
technology. She is the co-founder and general counsel of Epiphyte, a startup enabling instant
settlement of trades and transactions using distributed ledgers.In this feature, Patrick discusses the
balancing act regulators face in such a fast-changing technological environment, and describes the
issues raised at a European Central Bank (ECB) meeting on the subject this week.
http://www.coindesk.com/blockchain-payments-infrastructure-regulators-dilemma/

[2017-29-12]2017 in review part I: Cryptocurrency market

As 2017 ends, let’s admit that it was one of the most important years in cryptocurrency history.
Investors had all manner of emotions this year — surprise, excitement, and dread. A wave of
cryptocurrencies and exciting new technologies captured the world’s attention. In this series, we will
try to cover the most important events of 2017, part I is on the cryptocurrency market, part II focuses
on cryptocurrencies around and the world and finally, part III examines new technology. It would be
a daunting task to examine every aspect, but we hope to give you a broad idea of what shaped the
cryptosphere in 2017.More:https://dowbit.com/2017-review-part-1-cryptocurrency-market/

[2018-12-18] Bitcoin Bear Market Is Scaring Off Institutional Investors,
Claims 

Bitcoin Bear Market Is Scaring Off Institutional Investors, Claims JPMorganInstitutional investors are
being scared off by the protracted crypto bear market. That’s the assessment of a team of
JPMorgan Chase & Co. analysts, including global market strategist Nikolaos
Panigirtzoglou.“Participation by financial institutions in Bitcoin trading appears to be fading,” the
JPMorgan team wrote in a December 14 research note.    “Key flow metrics have downshifted
dramatically.”Panigirtzoglou says crypto trading volumes have plummeted, as has interest in bitcoin
futures. This has spawned a crushing fallout across the entire market, he observed.JPM: Altcoins
Are Getting Crushed“Other cryptocurrencies continue to suffer disproportionately during this
correction phase,” according to the JPM note.Moreover, JPMorgan says the Crypto Winter has
caused mass attrition among unprofitable miners as the hashrate has continued to unravel during
the past few months.    “This suggests that prices have declined to a point where mining is becoming
uneconomical for some miners, who have responded by turning their mining rigs off,”Meanwhile,
market insiders say a myopic focus on mining costs makes analysts lose sight of the big
picture.Barry Silbert, the founder of crypto investment fund Digital Currency Group, said mining
costs are not the proper benchmark with which to value the asset class.    “You have to separate the
investment decision that a miner is making from the operating cost for them to mine the
bitcoin,”Reference:
https://www.ccn.com/bitcoin-bear-market-is-scaring-off-institutional-investors-claims-jpmorgan/

[2017-09-22] Deputy Finance Minister of Russia Compared Bitcoin and
"Monopoly"

The Deputy Finance Minister of Russia, Alexei Moiseyev, recently stated payments with Bitcoin will
not be legalized in Russia and making transactions via Bitcoin should be considered similar to
playing the board game “Monopoly”.He stated:"I encourage all your readers to pay attention to this:
you have rights to buy real estate, for example, for the cards from Monopoly, but thus you are
deprived of any legal protection, and you also violate the constitutional principle that the national the
currency is the ruble.”The full article:
https://coinidol.com/deputy-finance-minister-compared-bitcoin-monopoly/

[2016-09-11]DLT Financial Bitcoin Tracker Fund to Follow its Crypto Index

Bitcoin has presented itself as an excellent investment vehicle in the past few years. However, the
nature of cryptocurrencies combined with the absence of clear regulations has kept traditional
investors away from it for a long
time.http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/09/11/dlt-financial-tracker-fund-after-crypto-index/

[2016-09-11] Liftoff: How a Traditional ETF Can Send Bitcoin to the Moon

Liftoff: How a Traditional ETF Can Send Bitcoin to the MoonThe most high-profile of these funds is
the Winklevoss ETF, which has been waiting for SEC approval. While the possibility for rejection still
exists, the ETF is expected to get approval in coming months. Either way, the SEC must make a
ruling by March 2017.https://news.bitcoin.com/liftoff-bitcoin-etf-moon/

[2018-01-18] Is CryptoRuble Back? Launch Set For Mid-2019, Says
Russian Blockcha

Is CryptoRuble Back? Launch Set For Mid-2019, Says Russian Blockchain AssociationThe Russian
Association of Cryptocurrency and Blockchain (RACIB) has announced that the government’s
long-discussed idea for a state-issued cryptocurrency, referred to as the CryptoRuble, will be
launched in the middle of 2019.The Russian government has been going back and forth on
launching the CryptoRuble (known earlier as the Bitruble) since 2015. As recently as late December
2017 during a meeting on legislation for digital currencies, the Deputy Minister of Finance and the
first Deputy Governor of Russia's Central Bank both stated that they did not think it was necessary
for the state to issue its own cryptocurrency.According to Arseniy Sheltsin, the head of RACIB,
details of the CryptoRuble project will be officially presented and discussed in July 2018, and the
coin itself should be issued a year later. The Government and the Central Bank of Russia are also
expected to prepare regulatory measures for Initial Cryptocurrency Offerings (ICOs) and
cryptocurrency mining by July 2018.Early in 2018, one of President Putin’s counselors noted that
the CryptoRuble could help the Russian government strengthen the economy by avoiding the
impact of international sanctions against the country.According to Russian crypto journal Forklog,
the coin is set to be pegged to the ruble, non-mineable, and will be the only legal cryptocurrency in
the country. The government hopes the CryptoRuble will attract foreign cryptocurrency
investments.Overall, the highest leaders in the Russian government have held mixed to negative
opinions towards cryptocurrencies. At a state press conference on January 12, Putin stated:    “It is
known that there is nothing behind the cryptocurrency, and it cannot be a store of value, it doesn’t
have any material value, and it’s not backed by anything...”Russia’s Prime Minister, Dmitry
Medvedev, also recently criticized cryptocurrencies at the Gaidar’s Forum in Moscow. He compared

the virtual currency trend with the dotcom bubble and suggested that most cryptocurrencies are
likely to cease to exist, while Blockchain technology will remain, declaring:    “We can not completely
exclude the scenario that took place at the beginning of the 90s when many companies arose on the
basis of the developing Internet technology and in the beginning of the 2000s those companies
mostly disappeared from the scene.  Nonetheless, the technology itself not only survived but
currently plays an important role in our life. In a likely manner cryptocurrencies may disappear in
several years, but the technology which stands behind them, I mean blockchain, will become a part
of our everyday reality. This scenario cannot be denied,”In response to the Russian government’s
recent critique of cryptocurrencies, the CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board of the largest
Russian bank Sberbank Herman Gref called on the authorities to not ban virtual currencies. Gref
considers both cryptocurrencies and Blockchain to be the “new huge technologies whose power
cannot be realized at the moment.” He also declared “in no circumstances should [cryptocurrency]
be banned”.Several other countries have also announced plans to introduce their own state-issued
cryptocurrencies, such as Venezuela and Senegal.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/is-cryptoruble-back-launch-set-for-mid-2019-says-russian-blockchai
n-association

[2017-12-28] Goldman Sachs To Offer Cryptocurrency Trading

The financial services giant is planning on offering digital asset trading beginning in the summer of
2018, sources close to the bank have reported.OLD MONEY MOVING INGoldman Sachs is
becoming one of the first large banks in the US to embrace Bitcoin and other crypto-currencies, as
the bank is currently building a team to tackle many of the issues that will come from implementing
the trading. A major issue now is how the bank plans on storing the assets, as they will have
custodial control of the assets.The bank is also one of the first to support the Bitcoin Futures trading,
which has been recently launched by some US exchanges, namely CBOE and the CME Group.
Similar scale national banks have held off on clearing those futures, as worries about the volatile
nature surrounding Bitcoin’s price along with concerns about the fact that it’s completely unregulated
have scared them off.ADOPTION FROM TRADITIONAL ESTABLISHMENTSThis is just one of the
many stories in recent weeks about traditional financial systems hopping on the Bitcoin bandwagon.
As more and more established firms support the growing crypto-space, the trend is set to continue
and bring more institutional investors on board. Support from banks such as Goldman Sachs also
gives a layer of legitimacy to Bitcoin, as many people still view it as the currency of “drug dealers
and terrorists.”Blockchain technology, the decentralized ledger system that powers the Bitcoin
network, is being looked at by industries worldwide about how to implement the technology to their
existing systems. The concept of an immutable, public, and auditable ledger is very attractive to
some, especially banks. Other currencies are already being applied in many use cases worldwide,
and some countries have already announced their plans to launch their own, state-sponsored,
digital payment systems.http://bitcoinist.com/goldman-sachs-offer-cryptocurrency-trading/

[2017-9-22] BREAKING: Amazon Will Accept Bitcoin By October

QuoteAccording to a newsletter from The James Altucher Report, Amazon will soon begin accepting
Bitcoin, which they will officially announce as early as October 26th during their earnings conference
call. https://squawker.org/technology/breaking-amazon-will-accept-bitcoin-by-october/

[2016-04-17]Bitcoin Price Weekly Analysis – BTC/USD Downsides Move
Before Higher

Bitcoin Price Weekly Analysis – BTC/USD Downsides Move Before HigherBitcoin price traded after

trading lower towards the $410 level found support and started to move higher. There was a slow
and steady downside move, and in the process of the upside move, there is a bullish trend line on
the 4-hours chart (data feed from Bitstamp) of BTC/USD. The highlighted trend line and support
area may play a major role for BTC/USD in the near term, and as long as the price is above it, there
is a chance of more gains...read more

[2018-04-06]Ultrashares,the first of Blockchain Traded Notes launches
their ICO

Ultrashares.io is the first of all BTNs that has announced the launch of their official ICO which is
offering a total of 10 million CWS (Credit Washington Shares) tokens. It’s a leveraged and
bi-directional cryptocurrency trading solution that requires ICO funding to increase security hedge
asset. Also, to guarantee all buyback orders at all times in all market conditions, Credit Washington
issues Ultrashares coins strictly within the hedge capacity.Ultrashares.io offers three coins - Credit
Washington Coin (CWC); Up ETH (UET); Down ETH (DET). The success of the ICO project will
ensure global commercialization of leveraged Blockchain-Traded Notes (BTN) as well as
development and integration of more BTN products to rapidly increase the revenue and net profit.
The patented series will provide the crypto traders with a low-priced anytime access to
cryptocurrencies in rising as well as in falling price conditions with leveraged trading profit
opportunities.Read more: http://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/3722429

[2017-12-26] As Bitcoin Rebounds Past $16,000, Related Jobs Have Also
Surged

Bitcoin slump or not, one thing that has been on the rise this year: cryptocurrency jobs.Amid growing
interest in Bitcoin and its peers this year, with exchange owners CME and CBOE offering Bitcoin
futures, Bitcoin- and blockchain-related jobs on LinkedIn have risen roughly 306% in the 12 months
ending mid-November. Bitcoin’s price has risen roughly 900% in the same period. (How high will it
go in 2018? Read the cover story of our January 2018 issue.)In the first 11 or so months of 2017,
LinkedIn says job postings with Bitcoin in the headline grew to 4,917 listings—a jump of 5,753%. If
you can believe it, that figure is higher than even the rise of Bitcoin’s price in the same time frame
(more than 3,151%).“The rise in the value of Bitcoin and other digital currencies over the past 12
months has opened the market up to many retail and institutional investors who were previously
sitting on the sidelines,” a representative for the U.S.-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase said
in a statement. “As the size of the market has grown, Coinbase has added the right people to
ensure our platform and customers are properly supported, and we have approximately doubled our
headcount in the last year.”Still, not all of of the LinkedIn job postings are directly related to Bitcoin.
Some are likely also related to Bitcoin’s underlying technology, the blockchain. Though institutional
giants like J.P. Morgan dismiss Bitcoin as an investment, they do find value in the blockchain and its
potential application as a store of information for banks, healthcare providers, and even the pork
supply chain.It is admittedly challenging to discern the extent that the LinkedIn job listings
specifically seek blockchain-savvy applicants, as Bitcoin and blockchain are often mentioned in
tandem. (About 4,541 of LinkedIn job postings that mention Bitcoin also mention the blockchain.)
Still, the listings come from startups as well as established companies such as
[/f500link]Citigroup[/f500link] who are trying to leverage and understand the technology.There is also
career opportunity in the regulation of digital currencies. The rise of cryptocurrencies has prompted
questions about how the new class of assets should be taxed and if it’s inheritable. That’s pushed
law firms Pepper Hamilton and Latham Watkins to put more brainpower to the topic, though neither
have made additional hires with the specific need to cover cryptocurrencies.The cryptocurrency jobs
market is still relatively small. As Bitcoin jobs have hit record highs—relatively speaking, of
course—on LinkedIn, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that startups, defined as

companies up to one year old, have collectively contributed at least 1.4 million jobs every year in the
past two decades.The recent drop in Bitcoin’s price has fanned fears of a broader downturn that
could affect related jobs. After rising over $19,000 in the holiday season, the price of Bitcoin fell as
low as $12,000. As of Tuesday, the cryptocurrency trades around $16,000.Still, “In an industry as
new as cryptocurrency,” says ZipRecruiter economist Cathy Barrera, “I would expect fluctuations in
the pace of job opening growth and of growth in job applicant pool.”Recent growing pains suggest
more hands are needed in the nascent industry. When investors rushed to buy Bitcoin ahead of the
CBOE and CME’s Bitcoin futures launches earlier this month, Coinbase struggled to keep up with
the trades. Similarly, when the price of Bitcoin fell 20% a week ago, users found themselves unable
to buy and sell due to what appeared to be technical errors. Addressing the issue earlier this month,
Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong wasn’t concerned. The company will continue “to invest heavily to
scale our platform.”Source link and charts -
http://fortune.com/2017/12/26/bitcoin-price-jobs-cme-cboe/

[2016-12-04] DCEBrief - BitLendingClub Announces Termination of
Services

BitLendingClub Announces Termination of
Serviceshttps://dcebrief.com/bitlendingclub-announces-termination-of-services/

[2016-12-26] Hedge Fund Magnate Mike Novogratz Delays New
Cryptocurrency Fund,  

Hedge Fund Magnate Mike Novogratz Delays New Cryptocurrency Fund, Cautions on BitcoinA
rampant bear market might result in the staunchest supporters beginning to doubt it. Michael
Novogratz, who was planning to launch a $500 mln hedge fund in cryptocurrencies, has delayed his
plans and says Bitcoin could drop as low as $8,000 before rebounding.Earlier views Michael
Novogratz has been a long-term Bitcoin bull. He has revised his price projections upwards three
times in as many months, given Bitcoin's rapid price increase. In October 2017, he said that he
wouldn't be surprised if Bitcoin crossed $10,000 by April 2018. With Bitcoin's rapid appreciation, he
revised his target in November 2017, predicting that it will reach $10,000 by the end of the year.
Towards the end of November 2017, he even made a courageous prediction that Bitcoin would
reach $40,000 in 2018.Pause button on hedge fundNovogratz had earlier said that Bitcoin might be
a bubble, but there was money to be made from it. He had planned to raise $500 mln for a hedge
fund which would invest in cryptocurrencies. The fund would have been the largest to focus on
cryptocurrencies and was expected to launch in mid-December. However, he has announced that
the hedge fund plan was paused for now.Speaking to Bloomberg, Mike Novogratz said: 
   "We didn’t
like market conditions and we wanted to re-evaluate what we’re doing. I look pretty smart pressing
the pause button right now.One of the factors which influenced Novogratz would be the conflicts of
interest involved, if for instance he bought Bitcoin for the fund and sold Bitcoin in his personal
account. 
than I wanted.Price to $8,000?Mike Novogratz was one of the early investors in Bitcoin and
Ethereum, buying Bitcoins when the price was $50 and buying Ether during its initial crowdsale for
about 30 cents. He has been selling Bitcoin and Ether periodically and is estimated to have made
$250 million by liquidating a portion of his holdings in 2017.Despite his earlier bullishness, he now
believes that Bitcoin could plunge to $8,000 and take awhile to recover. He predicts that the price
will stabilize between $10,000 and $16,000. The crypto rally in 2017 has enthused many neophyte
digital currency investors. However, when veterans like Novogratz begin to call for caution, it might
be wise to listen. Investors should always remember the cardinal rule: never invest more than you
can afford to lose.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/hedge-fund-magnate-mike-novogratz-delays-new-cryptocurrency-fu

   "There are just so many conflicts in that business. It was going to be more complicated

nd-cautions-on-bitcoin

[2018-04-05] Korean cryptocurrency executives detained over alleged
embezzlement

 Four executives from two South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges were detained on Thursday and
are being questioned in connection with the alleged embezzlement of billions of won, prosecutors
said.One of the detained executives was Kim Ik-hwan, CEO of Coinnest, South Korea’s fifth largest
cryptocurrency exchange. The other suspects were not identified.“They are being questioned about
the embezzlement of billions of won from their clients’ accounts and transferring it to their own,” an
official from the prosecutors’ office told Reuters.Coinnest was not immediately available for
comment, although the company’s websites appeared to be operating as normal.It is the first time
employees of a local cryptocurrency business have been detained in South Korea, the world’s third
largest cryptocurrency trading country.South Korean authorities have previously vowed strong action
against what they said were illegal, unfair movements in cryptocurrency trading after a bitcoin frenzy
at the end of last year.Related government agencies are now negotiating comprehensive
regulations for cryptocurrency markets.The official added that prosecutors will decide whether to
issue arrest warrants for the detained exchange employees, adding they planned to investigate
other virtual coin exchanges for possible
crimes.https://www.reuters.com/article/crypto-currencies-southkorea-arrests/update-1-s-korean-cryp
tocurrency-executives-detained-over-alleged-embezzlement-idUSL4N1RI1UN

[2018-04-01] Intel May Make Bitcoin Mining Profitable for Individuals Again

According to a United States Patent Application released on March 29th, technology giant Intel is
interested in creating specialized hardware for Bitcoin mining. The patent application was filed on
September 23rd, 2016, and describes a Bitcoin mining hardware accelerator.Full article on Bitcoinist

[2017-09-21] Here's how bitcoin can reward you!

MUMBAI: The recent decline in Bitcoin prices should not rattle investors in India as its growing
acceptance as an investment instrument foretells relevant local regulations that would provide a
legal framework to the practice of trading in the cryptocurrency.“New regulations may soon come up.
The rising global acceptance of the blockchain technology by global financial institutions and
government agencies has helped gain investor confidence,” said Praveenkumar Vijayakumar, CEO
and Chairman at Belfrics Global. “Several government agencies are working on the evolution of
blockchain and cryptocurrencies.”Investments in the digital currency have been rewarding for
investors, although the valuation slipped recently after Beijing regulators forced the closure of BTC
China, one of the world's biggest exchanges for the Bitcoins. Otherwise, returns have quadrupled
this year. The bitcoin-rupee swap rate is now trading around Rs 2.51 lakh, about four times higher
than the December-end level of Rs 64,000, dealers said.A Bitcoin is a digital currency created and
held electronically. It is not printed or minted but produced by technocrats globally.The market is
now looking for central bank regulations on Bitcoins. Critics of the instrument point to inherent risk
factors that may erode the investment value significantly.Last week, the swap value dropped to Rs
2.2 lakh per Bitcoin from Rs 3.44 lakh beginning September. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon’s
criticism of the crypto currency further dented the instrument’s price.Yet, investors and traders
remain enthusiastic. “In spite of China’s recent steps, Bitcoin has shown that it is a truly global asset
and individual countries are not having influence over its price and sentiment,” said Sandeep
Goenka, Co-founder, Zebpay. “We are optimistic that the government will realise the potential of this
technology to make India a Global Fintech hub.”

http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/forex/heres-how-bitcoin-can-reward-you/articleshow/6
0785692.cms

[2016-09-07]Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Which Way to Break Out?

Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 09/07/2016 – Which Way to BreakOut? Bitcoin price is
approaching the peak of the consolidation pattern so a breakout is bound to take place sooner or
later. A break lower could still find support at the 100 SMA or 200 SMA while an upside breakout
could yield a climb of $25-30, which is the same height as the mast of the bullish flag
pattern...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/09/07/bitcoin-price-technical-analysis-09072016-way-break/

[2016-01-26] Coin Reverse Inc, is now providing to their customers an
automatic 

- Coin Reverse Inc, is now providing to their customers an automatic platform and a market
break-through offerCoin Reverse Inc. ( http://www.coinreverse.com ), a New York based
cryptocurrency trader announced today, that it has put a “can’t say no to” offer on the table for
Bitcoin sellers, as its revealing its new cryptocurrency investment policy and appetite. The company
has launched a market break-through offer on Bitcoin trade, sustaining a buying rate which is 15%
higher than Market’s official rate.The company has developed a sophisticated payment platform,
offering instant payment services towards its customers. While having also developed partnerships
with many international banks, CoinReverse is able to provide online automatic and instant
payment, via its web-site platform, for bank transfer and Paypal payments, conditioned that the
customers correctly provide their payment details.The offer has been promoted with no time-frame,
although the company explained that, according to its policy and the capacities targeted, it is likely
that the offer will be just dropped, with no prior notice, the moment when sales target is
reached.Read more: http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/01/26/29133/

[2018-04-03] Big Brockage Offers to Take Over Hacked Japanese
Exchange Coincheck

Monex offers to take over hacked cryptocurrency exchange CoincheckApril 3, 2018 1:47 pm JST 
(Updated April 3, 2018 3:20 pm JST)Japanese online broker seeks majority stake and own
management teamNikkei staff writersTOKYO -- Japanese online broker Monex Group is offering to
take over Coincheck, a hacked Japanesecryptocurrency exchange, Nikkei learned Tuesday.Monex
is believed to be offering several billion yen for a majority stake in the Tokyo-based exchange,
sources said. The brokerage aims to install a new management team and rebuild the
cryptocurrencyexchange under its own supervision.The deal could be announced as early as this
week, the sources said.Coincheck said in January that cryptocurrency worth $530 million had been
stolen in the biggest evercryptocurrency heist in history. Coincheck has since been seeking support
from an external party.Read more:
https://asia.nikkei.com/Business/Deals/Monex-offers-to-take-over-hacked-cryptocurrency-exchange-
CoincheckMonex Group, Inc.: http://www.monexgroup.jp/en/index.html

[2018-04-02] Bitcoin Foundation’s Jon Matonis: Bitcoin ‘Is Pin To Pop’ 

https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-foundations-jon-matonis-bitcoin-is-pin-to-pop-world-finance-b
ubbleBitcoin Foundation’s Jon Matonis: Bitcoin ‘Is Pin To Pop’ World Finance BubbleEconomist and
Bitcoin Foundation founding director Jon Matonis went on record to reaffirm his belief in Bitcoin’s

future last month, dispelling bubble fears.In an Apr 2 interview with Business Insider, during the
Innovate Finance conference in London, Matonis took the opportunity to tell the mainstream media
publication that the concept of Bitcoin being in a ‘bubble’ was hypocritical.“To the people who say
bitcoin's a bubble, I would say bitcoin is the pin that's going to pop the bubble,” he said.“The bubble
is the insane bond markets and the fake equity markets that are propped up by the central banks.
Those are the bubbles.”How this would support the value?

[2016-04-15] CD: LHV Bank’s Bitcoin App Wins Innovation Award

LHV Bank’s Bitcoin App Wins Innovation AwardA bitcoin-based blockchain wallet application
developed by LHV Bank and industry startup ChromaWay has won the Estonian Banking
Association’s 2016 Innovation
Award.http://www.coindesk.com/lhv-banks-bitcoin-app-wins-innovation-award/

[2018-11-30] Intel Gets Permission for Energy-Saving Mining Chips on Its
Patent

Global tech behemoth Intel, the producer of popular PC processors, wins a patent to work in the
sphere of crypto mining from the US Patent OfficeEarlier this week, the world-famous Intel giant won
a patent for producing a processor that, reportedly, can mine crypto coins at high efficiency, allowing
one to minimize energy waste.The processor will be using the titled SHA-256 algorithm, currently
utilized by the Bitcoin network.Not Intel’s first attempt in miningIntel has already filed patents to work
in the crypto mining area. It first began to make mining chips run by 21 Inc. Later, the factory that
produces them rebranded as Earn.com and was bought by Coinbase exchange.Patent detailsThe
document says that BTC miners will profit from working via these chips by getting a reward for
blocks and receiving transaction fees. However, mining gear for the BTC chain usually works with
ASICs, which consume a great amount of electricity.Intel claims it has found a solution to hardwire
the parameters of these devices, which will diminish the amount of electricity necessary for mining
by about 15 percent. The company reps claim that this figure can be increased in the future, making
BTC mining even more energy-efficient.Source:
https://u.today/intel-gets-permission-for-energy-saving-mining-chips-on-its-patent

[2016-04-14] Bitcoin Mining Giant Invests $1.6 Million in Trading Platform

www.coindesk.com/bitkan-1-6-million-series-a-bitmain/".. The investment finds Bitmainbecoming
increasingly willing toinvest its funds in the wider bitcoinecosystem, following itsparticipation in a
March fundinground for smart contract platformRootstock and its Februaryinvestment in Israeli
paymentsservice Simplex.."Will Chinese domination continue?

[2018-11-23]ICE's Bakkt Suspends Bitcoin Futures Roll Out

Intercontinental Exchange’s (ICE’s) Bitcoin (BTC) futures trading platform has suspended its formal
roll out.Announced on Tuesday, November 20, through a company blog post, Bakkt’s first product,
revealed in August 2018, has now been suspended until Thursday January 24, 2019. Warehouse
and trading activities are both believed to start on that very date.Read the details in the article of
Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/ices-bakkt-suspends-bitcoin-futures-roll-out/

[2018-03-31] China Scraps Blockchain Funding Center

The Chinese government has just scrapped its blockchain funding center, insisting on regulations
before going forward with anything blockchain.The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has called for
domestic regulation as part of an effort to foster the development of the technology. The CCP's
official media made clear that the government's stance is to integrate blockchain technology, while
also warning of illicit activities that come with it.To read
more:http://bitcoinnews.com/china-scraps-blockchain-funding-center/

[2016-01-26] Brave to offer publishers, users, and advertisers a cut of the
prof

Brave to offer publishers, users, and advertisers a cut of the profits with bitcoinBrave, a new open
source internet browser, was made to compete with the likes of Firefox, Chrome, and Opera, but
does away with the existing advertising economy, replacing it with a new one that works quite
differently, running on Bitcoin. “The new Brave browser blocks all the greed and ugliness on the
Web that slows you down and invades your privacy. Then we put clean ads back, to fund website
owners and Brave users alike. Users can spend their funds to go ad-free on their favorite sites.“-
Brave
Software http://bravenewcoin.com/news/brave-to-offer-publishers-users-and-advertisers-a-cut-of-the
-profits-with-bitcoin/

[2016-06-14]Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Potential Uptrend
Correction

Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 06/14/2016 – Potential Uptrend CorrectionThe 100 SMA is
above the longer-term 200 SMA so the path of least resistance is to the upside. In addition, the gap
between the moving averages is widening, which means that bullish momentum is getting
stronger...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/06/14/bitcoin-price-technical-analysis-06142016-potential-u
ptrend-correction/

[2016-09-04] Criminal Fails at Blackmail, Bitcoin Stereotypes Disproven

Criminal Fails at Blackmail, Bitcoin Stereotypes DisprovenA chemist threatened to kill supermarket
shoppers with cyanide he bought on the dark web with bitcoins in a £2 million blackmail attempt.
He’s received a seven-year prison sentence after racking up a long list of minor offenses and
admitting to blackmail.https://news.bitcoin.com/criminal-bitcoin-blackmail/

[2016-04-14] CD: Blockchain Investment Fund Seeks $100 Million from
Major Banks

Blockchain Investment Fund Seeks $100 Million from Major BanksA new investment fund is seeking
to raise as much as $100m over the next two years to fuel investments in the blockchain
space.http://www.coindesk.com/new-fund-seeks-50m-for-blockchain-investments-by-end-of-2016/

[2017-12-21] Huaxia Bank TeamUp with Tencent, Build Financial Platform
for Block

On December 19, Digital Asset · Smart Finance – Globel Cloud Chain, Tencent, Huaxia Bank
Strategic Cooperation Conference was held in Guangzhou. Huaxia Bank Guangzhou Branch
provided billions of credit line for this platform.SME have troubles in financing and it’s a
long-standing social problem. The financial advantage of the supply chain is that it’s free from the
entity credit of the money-borrowing enterprises, but depending on the debtor’s credit evaluation
asset quality. This has been concerned by policies, capital and bank in recent yearsIn October this
year, the General Office of the State Council issued the Guiding Opinions on Actively Promoting the
Innovation and Application of Supply Chain to promote supply chain finance to serve the real
economy. Encouraging commercial banks and core enterprises of supply chain to establish financial
service platform for supply chain, and provide efficient and convenient financing channels for SMS
enterprises along the supply chain.Guangdong Yibang Holdings, the parent company of Guangdong
Youbei Information Technology Co., Ltd., is a supply chain management company with experience
in the supply chain management of massive health industry. Relying on Tencent’s blockchain
technology, Globel Cloud Chain reconstructs the credit foundation of supply chain finance, so as to
ensure the authenticity of financial transactions in supply
chain.http://news.8btc.com/huaxia-bank-teamup-with-tencent-build-financial-platform-for-blockchain-
supply-chain

[2017-12-18]What comes next for Bitcoin?

Crypto enthusiasts have probably been anticipating Bitcoin’s global interest and adoption for some
time now, and 2017 seems to be the year for that to happen. January saw the currency trading at
$1k, while the last two weeks saw it jump from $10k to $14k and then to $18k. Some exchanges
even reported Bitcoin’s price breaking the $20k barrier. Its market cap of over $300 billion last week
even surpassed that of Visa.Full article: http://cryptobible.io/comes-next-bitcoin/

[2016-04-14] Russian venture capital firm launches Blockchain Investment
Fund

Russian venture capital firm launches Blockchain Investment FundLife.SREDA hopes to raise US
$100 million from middle-size banks for blockchain development in banking by the end of
2017.http://www.coinfox.info/news/5296-russian-venture-capital-firm-launches-blockchain-investmen
t-fund

[2016-01-26]LakeBTC launches OTC feature; CoinReport tests it

Shanghai-based bitcoin exchange LakeBTC announced last week it has launched an
over-the-counter (OTC) trading feature. The exchange created multiple accounts on its test server
for CoinReport and invited us to experience the new feature.In its email, LakeBTC said that the OTC
feature, unlike the exchange trading they have been running for the past three years, allows users to
trade with each other directly using any currency and payment method convenient to both the buyer
and the seller.“It is especially appealing to users who trade in large volumes and/or use less popular
currencies,” said LakeBTC’s email. “Our goal is to make bitcoins more accessible to all users around
the globe, regardless of where they live, what currencies they use, and how much money they
have.”The exchange said its product and development teams spend an enormous amount of time to
streamline the OTC trading processes. Users, therefore, are able to save time on negotiating the
deal details such as payment methods and payment instructions. All they have to do is just register
all available External Accounts once and begin OTC buy and OTC sell trades, said LakeBTC,
adding that both average users and professional coin dealers are going to find it a lot easier to
conduct OTC trade at the exchange.Using the accounts the exchange created for us to experience

the OTC feature, we found that the OTC trading is indeed pretty neat and effortless.First, we logged
in on LakeBTC’s homepage using the CoinReport account the exchange created for us. The first
screen that we saw after logging in was of our Wallet with LakeBTC (all screenshots in the following
can be further enlarged by clicking on them)Read
https://coinreport.net/lakebtc-launches-otc-feature-coinreport-tests-it/

[2017-03-29]Bitcoin Exchanges Must Comply with U.S. Laws

Bitcoin exchanges, miners, and cryptocurrency-payment processors, operating in the United States
are required to comply with federal Anti-Money Laundering (AML) laws.That means a
cryptocurrency user can be prosecuted for violating a number of federal laws. Anybody who
converts BTC to USD and sends the money to or from the United States must comply with all AML
laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations are imposed by the U.S. Treasury Department
affiliate, FinCEN. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network is in charge of enforcing the policies
and regulations, which serve as a security measure for conducting any financial activity within the
U.S. borders. You can read a big full article here:
https://coinidol.com/bitcoin-exchanges-must-comply-with-us-laws/

[2016-09-04] Regulation is One Obstacle to Blockchain Adoption

The World Economic Forum recently released a report on blockchain’s potential to transform the
financial infrastructure. The blockchain is the spinal cord of Bitcoin, the first decentralized digital
currency, and this technology can profoundly change the traditional financial model.The report is the
most recent phase of the Forum’s ongoing Disruptive Innovation in Financial Services project. It
draws on over 12 months of research, engaging 200-plus industry leaders and subject matter
experts through interviews and multistake holder workshops...Read more
here:https://btcmanager.com/news/regulation-is-one-obstacle-for-blockchain-technology/Follow
BTCMANAGER for the Latest on Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin!

[2016-06-14] Remaining ChangeTip Assets Are Still Looking For A New
Home

This news is rather surprising, especially when thinking how ChangeCoin – the overarching
company – saw plenty of interest from investors in the not-so-distant past. Raising over US$4m
throughout three different public rounds of funding is quite significant. However it appears as if the
ChangeTip project was the primary source of interest to those investors at that
time.http://fintechist.com/remaining-changetip-assets-still-looking-new-home/

[2016-01-25]Rutgers Bitcoin Study: An ‘Ideal’ System Misunderstood by
the Public

Experienced Bitcoin users will gladly tell people how the popular digital currency will not help much
regarding privacy and anonymity. Even though mainstream media outlets keep preaching the exact
opposite of that statement, a new study by Rutgers shows how transactions are not as
privacy-centric as people assume. Plus, there are still some questions regarding Bitcoin’s
convenience that need to be addressed.Rutgers: Bitcoin ‘Ideal’ but not AnonymousTo many people
who have never used Bitcoin or any other digital currency, the entire concept seems to revolve
around user privacy and anonymity. Nothing could be further from the truth, however, as the recent
Rutgers study indicates Bitcoin is neither privacy-centric nor anonymous by any means. However,

the popular digital grants user some level of pseudonymity.For people looking to gain more financial
privacy or anonymity, Bitcoin has very little to offer them. In fact, one could argue that cash is the
most anonymous form of monetary exchange in the world, as it is impossible to track its origins or
whereabouts outside of bank accountsBitcoin, on the other hand, is a protocol where transactions
are broadcasted on a distributed public ledger. Anyone in the world can track Bitcoin payments from
its source to destination in real-time, without having to register for access to the system. This
effectively removes any illusion of privacy or anonymity when using digital currency.There is a major
difference between privacy-centric, anonymous, and pseudonymous. Even though plenty of people
want to see Bitcoin as anonymous, it isn’t. This is also part of the reason the popular digital currency
should not be used for criminal activities, as the truth will always prevail sooner or
later.Pseudonymity, on the other hand, is something Bitcoin does provide up to a certain extent. Any
digital currency user can be identified based on their Bitcoin wallet address, although that piece of
information will not reveal any other information that isn’t associated with the address. This concept
is no different from using an alias in a chatroom, or your in-game character name when playing an
online game. It is important to distinguish pseudonymity is far from being anonymous, although it is
not hard to see why people would confuse these two
terms.https://news.bitcoin.com/rutgers-bitcoin-study-ideal-system-misunderstood-public/

[2016-04-13]Airbnb's getting into blockchain technology

The home rental startup superstar Airbnb is the latest business getting into blockchain.Just weeks
after Airbnb co-founder Nathan Blecharczy spoke to City A.M about the potential blockchain
technology might have in its business, than the company makes an acquisition that will see it take
on blockchain experts.ChangeCoin, a micro-payments startup based in the US, has been bought by
Airbnb for an undisclosed sum, Quartz reports, citing several people in the know.The less than
two-year-old company backed by seed and early stage venture capital employs between 11 and 50
people. Airbnb has bought up that talent in what's known as an acqui-hire, with the ChangeCoin
business remaining up for sale, according to the
report.http://www.cityam.com/238780/airbnbs-getting-into-blockchain-technology

[2017-12-19] Bitcoin not a threat to financial stability, say European
economist

Survey of 50 academics reveals majority are not worried about risks posed to mainstream markets
Bitcoin poses no threat to financial stability and is unlikely to rattle mainstream markets in the next
couple of years, a group of leading European economists have said.According to a survey of almost
50 academics from universities across Europe by the Centre for Macroeconomics and the Centre for
Economic Policy Research, the majority are sanguine about the risks posed by the digital currency
despite repeated warnings by senior financiers.Bitcoin’s small size and detachment from the wider
financial system was one of the key reasons for comfort among the economists, who said major
investment groups did not hold significant amounts of the digital currency. While bitcoin has surged
in value by more than 900% this year, its total value stands at about $300bn, paling in comparison
to the total value of global shares at almost $80tn.Senior financiers including the chief executives of
JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs have warned against bitcoin in recent months, while the chairman
of the Royal Bank of Scotland likened it to Dante’s Inferno, saying it was a speculative bubble in
need of an apocalyptic health warning for investors from central banks.There have been fears over
the ability for banks to cover losses on bitcoin trading, with a group of major investment banks
writing a letter to US regulators to say that the system of regulation was ill-prepared.The
cryptocurrency has become increasingly part of the wider financial system, after making its debut on
the world’s largest futures exchange on Sunday evening, when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange
(CME) became the second exchange to offer bitcoin derivatives trading.The January 2018 contract

traded on the CME initially spiked above $20,000 but later dropped, having been originally priced at
$19,500.A note of caution was sounded by Wouter den Haan of the London School of Economics,
who responded to the survey by saying that past crises showed it could “take just one key financial
institution taking on large risky positions to put the system at risk”.Although the majority of
economists believed there were limited risks to financial stability, they also said governments should
introduce greater controls for cryptocurrencies as their anonymity and opacity could help enable tax
evasion and other criminal activities.Nicholas Oulton of the London School of Economics said: “One
strand of current policy is to crack down on money laundering and tax evasion through tax havens.
So it would seem odd to let cryptocurrencies get around these restrictions.”The findings come after a
South Korean cryptocurrency exchange appears set to file for bankruptcy after it was hacked for the
second time this year, highlighting concerns about security amid booming trade in bitcoin and other
virtual currencies.The exchange, called Youbit, had been hacked once before in April when nearly
4,000 bitcoins were stolen in a cyber-attack that the country’s spy agency linked to North Korea,
according to a recent South Korean newspaper report.Youbit announced on its website on Tuesday
that it had been hacked at 4.35am local time, causing a loss worth 17% of its total assets.It did not
elaborate on the amount, but said all customers’ cryptocurrency assets would be marked down to
75% of their value. It added that it had stopped trading and would work to minimise customer
losses.https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/dec/19/korean-cryptocurrency-exchange-clos
e-second-hacking-youbit

[ 2016-06-13] cointelegraph.com | Brits May Choose Rising Bitcoin Over
Tumbling 

Brits May Choose Rising Bitcoin Over Tumbling Pound As Brexit Lead WidensA new poll by the
Independent puts Brexit at a 10% lead over remain for the first time ever, sending the British pound
tumbling down, reaching a low of $1.40 from $1.71 two years
ago....http://cointelegraph.com/news/brits-may-choose-rising-bitcoin-over-tumbling-pound-as-brexit-l
ead-widens

[2016-04-13] Marco Santori: bitcoin is functional currency in South
America, Eas

Marco Santori: bitcoin is functional currency in South America, Eastern Europe and RussiaIn Russia
and Eastern Europe bitcoin is the working transactional currency. So said Marco Santori, Global
Policy Counsel of Blockchain during the Cryptocurrency Conference at Cato Institute,
Washington.http://www.coinfox.info/news/persons/5287-marco-santori-bitcoin-is-functional-currency-
in-south-america-eastern-europe-and-russia

[2017-09-14] Why JPMorgan’s CEO is scared of ‘fraud’ Bitcoin

QuoteDimon’s tirade against Bitcoin, which has caused the cryptocurrency’s price to slide to $3,800
level while Bitcoin Cash is holding at $466, didn’t come as a surprise. The banker, after all, has been
an outspoken nemesis of Bitcoin who predicted in 2015 that the cryptocurrency wouldn’t
survive.Two years later, and surprise, surprise—Bitcoin is still here and is starting to attract
mainstream attention. And this begs the question: Why is Dimon so skeptical of cryptocurrencies?
The answer may be because Dimon, along with the rest of Wall Street, is intimidated by Bitcoin.And
they should be. If you recall, Dimon’s JPMorgan was among the chief architects of the 2008 global
financial crisis, which paved the way to the rise of cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin’s blockchain
technologyRead more about this here. Now I understand the big reason why this man resorted to be
the official nemesis of Bitcoin as he was involved in the almost catastrophic 2008 debacle that

toppled many financial institutions had it not been for the big bail-out sponsored by the taxpayers'
money. Some people can feel like they are the very expert of something new. The problem with the
Bitcoin community is we are listening to this man and we are reacting according to what he wanted
us to do. Let's not make his words self-fulfilling prophecy. Bitcoin can go down anytime as we are in
an open market but soon it can find the sunshine it needs to get back to where it should be. 

[2018-11-14]Amazon Wins Patents for Cryptography and Distributed Data
Storage. .

Amazon Wins Patents for Cryptography and Distributed Data Storage SolutionsE-commerce giant
Amazon has won two patents related to methods for protecting the integrity of digital signatures and
improving distributed data storage. The two patents were published by by the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (USPTO) today, Nov. 13.The first patent document, first filed in April of this year,
outlines a “signature delegation” method for “protecting the integrity of digital signatures and
encrypted communications,” by allowing for the generation, distribution, validation, and revocation of
one-time-use cryptographic keys.In the proposed system, these keys are arranged in what is known
in cryptography as a “Merkle Tree” structure, which is a binary tree of hashes constructed from the
bottom up.As tech media platform Hackernoon outlines, Merkle Trees are a “fundamental part” of
blockchain systems, as they allow for a large body of data to be efficiently and securely verified:“The
Merkle Root summarizes all of the data in the related transactions, and is stored in the block header.
It maintains the integrity of the data. If a single detail in any of the transactions or the order of the
transactions changes, so does the Merkle Root. Using a Merkle tree allows for a quick and simple
test of whether a specific transaction is included in the set or not.”According to the newly published
patent document, Amazon’s proposed Merkle Tree-structured, encrypted system aims to tackle how
to delegate signing authority from a central entity to the various subordinates that are authorized to
sign on its behalf.As the patent filing reads: “the signature authority provides a key-distribution
service that distributes blocks of cryptographic keys to authorized signing delegates. An authorized
signing delegate contacts the key-distribution service and requests a block of cryptographic keys.”In
cases where a given cryptographic key is “marked as invalid,” after a “key revocation service queries
the Merkle tree of delegable keys,” then the service “provides the verifying entity with a revocation
value associated with the revoked cryptographic key.” Amazon outlines that in some cases, the key
revocation database may be implemented using blockchain.Amazon’s second patent, released
today and first filed mid-Dec. 2015, relates to issues pertaining to distributed data storage.Amazon’s
filing proposes a “grid encoding technique,” using groups of collected “shards,” where each shard
represents a logical distribution of data items stored in a given grid. The patent filing suggests this
method can help to minimize storage redundancy, while allowing for maximum availability, durability,
and means of recovery.Notably, several tech startups, such as Filecoin, Sia, Storj, and Swarm have
all attempted to tackle similar issues with distributed data storage using blockchain technology, often
combined with cloud storage solutions.Beyond pursuing blockchain, cryptography and distributed
data storage-related patents to expand its technological arsenal, Amazon has also filed for
cryptocurrency-specific inventions. In April, Amazon Technologies was awarded a patent for a
streaming data marketplace that would enable users to receive real-time crypto transaction
data.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/amazon-wins-patents-for-cryptography-and-distributed-data-storage-
solutions

[2016-9-2] R3 continues insurance Industry membership, adding North
America's...

Another insurance giant has joined the R3 CEV blockchain consortium. MetLife, an American
insurance company, is the latest addition to the member list of 60 large financial

institutions.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/r3-continues-insurance-industry-membership-adding-nort
h-americas-largest-life-insurer/

[2016-01-25] Global Economic Outlook: Currency Positioning

A widely anticipated US dollar rally is caught between the proverbial Horns of the Bull, leaving the
dollar in grid-lock. Meanwhile, the mainstream media turns up the volume of their cries of market
woes – just as the decline pauses for a breather.Read more:
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/global-economic-outlook-currency-positioning/

[2016-04-12] HSBC Executive and SWIFT Board Member Joins Ripple

Payment Technology Veteran Marcus Treacher Named Global Head of Strategic AccountsSAN
FRANCISCO & LONDON – Ripple, the global provider of financial settlement solutions, today
announced the hire of Marcus Treacher as Global Head of Strategic Accounts. Treacher brings
more than 30 years of experience in transaction banking and payment system technology, including
12 years in global leadership roles at HSBC. He also served as a member of the Global Board of
SWIFT from 2010 to 2016.Treacher joins Ripple from his recent position as HSBC’s Global Head of
Payments Innovation where he established a new team focused on applying emerging fintech to
solve customer challenges in digital payments, trade and supply chain. Projects under his leadership
included establishing an alternative to traditional models for international mobile payments, and
driving the adoption of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies.Read More:
http://themerkle.com/hsbc-executive-and-swift-board-member-joins-ripple-to-support-continued-glob
al-growth/

[2018-03-26] Waiting Game? Why Coinbase Won't Add New Cryptos
Anytime Soon

Supporting new crypto assets may be a "top priority" for Coinbase, but any such additions to its
order books might not be close on the horizon.According to Coinbase general manager Dan
Romero, the San Francisco-based exchange wants to add several new cryptocurrencies in line with
customer feedback, but it's treading cautiously as U.S. regulators deliberate on how they might treat
certain uses of the
technology.https://www.coindesk.com/waiting-game-why-coinbase-wont-add-new-cryptos-anytime-s
oon/

[2016-01-24] Deutsche Bank Is Not Planning To Abolish Cash in Favor Of
Bitcoin

Even though there are rumours circulating regarding countries looking to steer away from using
cash payments, the change will not be happening overnight. In fact, the CEO of Deutsche Bank
mentioned how he feels cash will be around for at last another decade. Consumers can only hope
the situation with cash payments improves by then, as the current financial ecosystem is not doing
so well.http://themerkle.com/news/deutsche-bank-is-not-planning-to-abolish-cash-in-favor-of-bitcoin/

[2016-04-12] You Can Now Spend BTC on Over 2.5 Million Things at
Bitcoin.com

What do you spend Bitcoin on?When using the Spendabit feature on the Bitcoin.com website, users
will be presented with so many different platforms to purchase from; they will discover new
merchants as well. Some of the more common platforms, such as Rakuten and Overstock.com, sell
a wide variety of items. But there are other platforms most people have never heard of which are
also included in this directory. In the end, this could ignite a price war, which the consumer will
benefit from.https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-com-spend-bitcoin-online/

[2016-09-01] Blockchain hackathon to take place in Russia’s Tatarstan in
Septemb

Blockchain hackathon to take place in Russia’s Tatarstan in SeptemberInspiRussia hackathon will
be hosted by the IT capital of Russia – Innopolis City near Kazan – on 17-18 September. The first
prize is a place on the InspirAsia startup accelerator in
Singapore.http://www.coinfox.info/news/6329-blockchain-hackathon-to-take-place-in-russia-s-tatarst
an-in-september

[2018-11-08]US SEC Not Ready to Come Out Soon With Final Bitcoin ETF
Decision

Lawyer Jake Chervinsky tweeted about the recent rejection of nine Bitcoin (BTC) ETFs by the US
SEC and said it would probably be done next month. Ran NeuNer earlier falsely revealed that the
authority was to call BTC ETFs by Mon Nov 5, 2018.The deadline for the public to submit
statements was November 5, as Jake tweeted, such that the SEC would have enough time to revise
the previously rejected BTC ETFs before making the final awaited decision.Read the details in the
article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/final-bitcoin-etf-decision/

[2016-06-10]Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Head and Shoulders in the
Making?

Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 06/10/2016 – Head and Shoulders in the Making?The 100 SMA
is above the 200 SMA so the path of least resistance is still to the upside. This suggests that the
rising support level around $570 might serve as a floor, especially since it lines up with the 200 SMA
dynamic support. RSI is pointing up and might be ready to head north so bitcoin price could follow
suit. Stochastic is indicating oversold conditions so sellers might need to take it easy from here and
allow buyers to take control. If so, bitcoin could head back to the latest highs at $595...read more

[2017-03-23]Bitcoin Unlimited ‘Fails All Criteria For Supportable
HardFork’:BtGo

https://cointelegraph.com/images/725_Ly9jb2ludGVsZWdyYXBoLmNvbS9zdG9yYWdlL3VwbG9hZ
HMvdmlldy8yMTdjMWQzNTU1OGY4NTU2MmUxNGM1MzEyNDc3ZTkyOC5qcGc=.jpgBitcoin-for-b
usiness startup BitGo has said Bitcoin Unlimited (BU) “fails all criteria for being a supportable hard
fork” in the current climate.Adding its voice to the scaling debate, which has spread to include not
just industry figures but businesses as well, the company said in a blog post that it would not
support a contentious hard fork.“BitGo considers any hard fork which is rolled out without
industry-wide consensus and therefore splits the network, to be an altcoin, not Bitcoin itself,” the
post states.“This is irrespective of how much hash power the forked coin may have.”Adding that any
derivative of a contentious hard fork would be treated as an altcoin, BitGo echoes the consensus

declared by many extant Bitcoin exchanges, released in a public letter last week.On the topic of
Bitcoin Unlimited, however, its position was also clear.Citing three criteria to be meet in order for a
fork to be recognized - “a clear on-chain activation mechanism,” “strong two-way replay protection”
and “wipe-out protection,” BitGo stated BU did not meet any of them.“In fact, it fails all three criteria,”
the post continues.“...As such, we will not be able to provide support for a hard fork caused by
Bitcoin Unlimited in its current form. If the Bitcoin Unlimited team undertakes the efforts needed to
make the fork in a supportable manner, our position on this would change
accordingly.”https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-unlimited-fails-all-criteria-for-supportable-hard-fo
rk-bitgo

[2018-10-30]CryptoEye: Bitcoin Likely to Finish October with 2018's First
Year-O

CryptoEye: Bitcoin Likely to Finish October with 2018's First Year-Over-Year FallWith Bitcoin (BTC)
prices trading at approximately $6,400 for the 11th day straight, the flagship crypto risks reporting an
annual loss for its 10th birthday.The top digital currency, which turns 10 on October 31, 2018, has
not risen above $6,500 since Friday October 19 and is showing no symptoms of life with fluctuation
readings at multi-month lows.Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain
news outlet: https://coinidol.com/cryptoeye-bitcoin-likely-to-finish-october/

[2016-01-23] Blockchain Weekly Recap 1-23-2016

New UK Science Office Report Recommends BlockchainIn a new published report from the UK
Government Office for Science, the country’s Chief Scientist offers a glowing assessment of
distributed ledger technology’s potential benefits for better governance. The report by Chief Scientist
Sir Mark Walport, is titled Distributed Ledger Technology: Beyond Block Chain, and examines in
detail the technology that empowers the blockchain, its disruptive potential in the marketplace,
regulatory issues, security concerns, and possible applications for the government. It also offers
specific recommendations for how the UK government can better understand the technology and
eventually take advantage of the benefits it can
provide.http://dcebrief.com/blockchain-weekly-recap-1-23-2016/

[2016-08-30] TumbleBit Promises Guaranteed Anonymity For Bitcoin

For the longest time, there have been a lot of questions regarding Bitcoin's lack of anonymity and
privacy features. This has caused cryptocurrency enthusiasts to look for different solutions, including
altcoins. But TumbleBit looks to change all that. The service will act as a Bitcoin-compatible
anonymous payment hub...Read more
here:https://btcmanager.com/news/tech/tumblebit-promises-guaranteed-anonymity-for-bitcoin/Follow
BTCMANAGER for the Latest on Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin!

[2016-06-06] Exclusive First Interview with CEO of Bitcoin Binary Options
Broker

Exclusive First Interview with CEO of Bitcoin Binary Options BrokerOnly offering Bitcoin binary
options trading since October 2015, IDS Option already has 32000 clients with an average of
600http://www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/interview/ids-b2b-ceo-talks-pent-up-demand-fo
r-bitcoin-binary-options/

[2017-03-22] Only 807 People Have Declared Bitcoin for Tax Purposes ...

News Bitcoin - Only 807 People Have Declared Bitcoin for Tax Purposes According to IRSOnly 807
people have declared Bitcoin for tax purposes, according to court documents filed by the IRS in San
Francisco. If true, it is likely only a tiny percentage of virtual currency users have reported profits and
losses in their annual income forms.Filed in San Francisco federal court on Thursday, the new
documents further shed light on the reason why IRS has asked Coinbase to hand over a broad
range of customer data, including every customer account and detailed transaction records over a
considerable period. Coinbase pledged to fight the request.READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/807-people-declared-bitcoin-tax-purposes-according-irs/

[2018-03-23] Ireland's Finance Department Plans Blockchain Working
Group

Ireland's Department of Finance has proposed the creation of a new blockchain working group to
help create cohesive regulation across government agencies.Revealed in a new report, titled
"Virtual Currencies And Blockchain Technology," the working group would aim to help bring a
coordinated approach to rules around cryptocurrencies and monitor developments in blockchain
technology, "addressing considerations raised by consumers, industry, the EU, and governments
worldwide."Elsewhere in the report, the finance department estimates that 6.3 percent of venture
capital invested in the country from 2012 to 2016 went to Ireland-based blockchain businesses - a
figure it says dwarfs the capital invested in such projects across the United Kingdom and
Switzerland.From supply chain experiments by the Irish Dairy Board to cryptocurrency startups, this
growing sector has captured regulators' attention.The report's authors urge lawmakers to provide
clarity to consumers about what protections are available when transacting with virtual currencies,
give entrepreneurs a clear regulatory framework, and "equip Ireland with a differentiating
competitive advantage in securing foreign direct investment" in blockchain projects.They go on to
warn over criminal activity and volatility, but take an optimistic view, saying:    "Although criminality
associated with virtual currencies represents a risk to governments, there is evidence to suggest
that the majority of virtual currencies are purchased by investors and legitimate owners."The paper
also suggests that blockchain technology could help boost efficiency and reliability across the
financial sector, including securities
settlements.https://www.coindesk.com/irelands-finance-department-plans-blockchain-working-group/

[2016-01-23] BitFury’s Vavilov Has A Solution For Block Size Challenge

Valery Vavilov, CEO of Bitfury, believes there is a solution to the current bitcoin block size
challenge. In a recent video interview at TC Davos, he explained hissolution and he also expounded
on his belief in the future of bitcoin, taking issue with those who are proclaiming its demise.The
solution to bitcoin’s block size challenge is to increase the current one-megabyte “block” to two
megabytes, Vavilov said. He acknowledges the need to increase the bitcoin blockchain’s scalability,
and he envisions a great future for bitcoin in improving its scalability. He gave his insights during an
interview with Matt Burns, senior editor of Tech Crunch, at TC
Davos.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitfurys-vavilov-solution-block-size-challenge-rebuts-bitcoi
n-naysayers/

[2018-03-24]The Race Between Segwit and Bitcoin Cash Is Heating Up

Segwit and BCH Show There’s More Than One Way to Scale a BlockchainBlockchain scaling is one

part technical, one part ideological. There was a number of reasons that led to the fork of bitcoin
core in August to form bitcoin cash, but at its heart it came down to increasing transaction capacity.
Segwit sought to compress the amount of data in each transaction, thereby freeing up block space,
while bitcoin cash made the size of each block bigger, up to a maximum of 8MB. New data
published by Bitmex Research shows how each chain has fared since bitcoin core and bitcoin cash
went their separate ways.The cumulative transaction volume between BCH and Segwit is
remarkably close, showing that each scaling solution has found their levels of support. Bitmex
Research explains: “Since the launch of Bitcoin Cash, 6.1 million Segwit transactions have taken
place, only 20.1% more than the cumulative number of Bitcoin Cash transactions…Adjusting for the
one-month head start [BCH had], SegWit has 31.5% more cumulative transaction volume than
Bitcoin Cash, larger than 20.1% but still reasonably close.”The Race Between Segwit and Bitcoin
Cash Is Heating UpTotal transaction volume for Segwit and BCH is extremely close.Segwit Had a
Slow StartSegwit adoption was low from the outset, and remained that way for several months,
allowing bitcoin cash to get a head start. By late December, the total transaction volume of BCH and
Segwit was neck and neck at around 4 million transactions apiece. It is only in the last month, when
Coinbase belatedly introduced Segwit, pushing its adoption rate over 30% for the first time, that its
total transaction volume has been able to compete with bitcoin cash.Proponents of each chain have
reasons to be content with these figures, and of how the future is shaping up for their preferred
scaling solution. As Bitmex Research notes:Although the data suggests that Segwit transaction
have been adopted slightly faster than Bitcoin Cash, resulting in more transaction volume, Bitcoin
Cash advocates could argue that the Bitcoin Cash token is more about a philosophy of larger
capacity in the long term, rather than the speed of the actual increase in transaction volume in the
short term. Therefore Bitcoin Cash supporters can still claim that Bitcoin Cash will eventually have
more transaction volume than Bitcoin, once adoption of the coin increases.Bitcoin Core Block Sizes
Fall to Their Smallest in Two YearsLast week, the average block size for bitcoin core (BCT) fell to
just over 0.5MB, its smallest since January 2016. Around 22% of block space is taken up by Segwit
transactions, showing that the scaling technology is still under-utilized. The dramatic reduction in
BTC block space owes less to Segwit and more to improved batching coupled with reduced
transaction volume. It is no coincidence that the average number of daily BTC transactions is also at
its lowest level in two years.The Race Between Segwit and Bitcoin Cash Is Heating UpBTC block
sizes are at their lowest in two years.The average number of daily BTC to BCH transactions for the
moment maintains an average ratio of 10:1, which also mirrors each asset’s respective price.
However, total transaction fees for sending BTC in the last 24 hours are 200x greater than BCH.
Even if the transaction volume on each chain was equal, in other words, BTC would still cost 20x
more to
send.https://news.bitcoin.com/the-race-between-segwit-and-bitcoin-cash-is-heating-up/?utm_source
=OneSignal%20Push&utm_medium=notification&utm_campaign=Push%20Notifications

[2017-12-16] Bitcoin: Where To From Here?

Crypto enthusiasts have probably been anticipating Bitcoin’s global interest and eventual adoption
for some time now, and 2017 seems to be the year for that to happen. January saw the currency
trading at $1k, while the last two weeks saw it jump from $10k to $14k to $18k.  Some exchanges
even reported Bitcoin’s price breaking through the $20k barrier.  Its market cap of over $300 billion
last week even surpassed that of Visa.There are a few reasons for these phenomenal increases,
one of them being an increase of buyers desperate to purchase their own Bitcoin in the hope that
the currency will grow even more in the future.  However, these price surges have paved the way for
more bubble talk, and not just from cynics either. Even though the currency has been presumed to
be the preferred medium of exchange on the black market in the past, its current adoption is much
more legitimate. Support for the currency, in the form of integration in the mainstream financial
industry, is becoming more common, with CBOE obtaining the bragging rights for launching the first
Bitcoin futures contracts. CME is running a close second, and Nasdaq will be releasing theirs next

year.Read about this here...Bitcoin is nearing the mainstream adoption though there are certainly
big issues that it still has to face squarely and honestly dealt with. The problem is not very much
technical as it is more of a political in nature...meaning people who should be deciding on these
problems could not unite themselves with acceptable solutions for the advancement of Bitcoin. In
other words, we are seeing here a big manifestation of the weaknesses of the human nature
something which Satoshi Nakamoto could not do anything about. 

[2018-10-26]Hipster Bar Officially Opens in London & Clients Can Now Pay
Bills i

Hipster Bar Officially Opens in London & Clients Can Now Pay Bills in BitcoinIf you possess some
Bitcoin in your crypto wallet and you want to spend it, then look no further, a new London bar is here
for you.BrewDog has officially “opened a new big branch in London’s Canary Wharf,” where clients
can go and pay their bills using Bitcoin. The price of beer will vary daily based on the trend of the
FTSE 100.Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/hipster-bar-officially-opens-in-london/

 [2017-09-11] China’s Bitcoin Trading Volume Rises Significantly

China’s Bitcoin Trading Volume Rises Significantly Despite Exchange Ban TalksThe daily trading
volume of the Chinese bitcoin exchange market has nearly doubled that of the US bitcoin exchange
market, surging above 45,000 bitcoins. For a brief period of time, the Chinese exchange market
overtook the US in terms of market share to become the largest bitcoin market in the world, for the
first time since November of 2016.Although bitcoin is being traded at around $4,000 in China, nearly
$200 lower than the US market, Chinese exchanges have demonstrated low trading rates for the
bitcoin-to-Chinese yuan pair throughout 2017. Immediately after the imposition of strict regulations
and policies on bitcoin trading platforms in 2016, investors stopped trading bitcoin at a premium rate
within the Chinese exchange market.One important indicator of the Chinese bitcoin market’s
recovery which investors must acknowledge is the rapidly growing trading volume of the Chinese
exchange and over-the-counter markets. Under normal circumstances, a massive sell-off should
have occurred when reports from Caixin and the Wall Street Journal were released about the plans
of the People’s Bank of China, the central bank of the country, to suspend or ban bitcoin trading
platforms.The Wall Street Journal is a massively influential mainstream media publication in the
global finance sector. But, Caixin is a state-owned media company in China, which has insider
sources within the government and in the Chinese central bank. When the initial report of Caixin was
released, the Chinese bitcoin market crashed, bringing the price of bitcoin down to the $4,000
region. Many analysts expected the release of WSJ’s report to slow down the momentum of bitcoin
even further. But, in contrary, bitcoin has recovered to over $4,200 today, with the Chinese bitcoin
exchange market demonstrating high trading volumes and US investors moving bitcoin price
upwards.More to that, within a single day, bitcoin price in the Chinese exchange market rose by 9.3
percent, while other markets such as the US, Japan and South Korea remained stagnant.
Momentum is rebuilding in China, despite the ongoing bitcoin exchange ban talks and the PBoC’s
supposed introduction of plans to suspend bitcoin exchanges indefinitely.Huobi, OKCoin and BTCC,
the three leading bitcoin exchanges in China, have all stated that they do not believe the ban will be
approved and are not even sure if it is the actual plan of PBoC. The three companies reassured
their clients that they have not received any directives from PBoC and that they are willing to comply
with any requests from the Chinese government and its financial regulators.The optimistic and
confident approach from leading Chinese exchanges in regard to the rumours emerged due to the
report of Caixin has started to trigger new upward momentum for the Chinese bitcoin exchange
market.More to that, the Chinese bitcoin industry and market have regained trust over bitcoin and its
legal status in China. According to bitcoin market data provider Coin Dance, demand toward bitcoin

in over-the-counter and peer-to-peer bitcoin markets such as LocalBitcoins has actually increased
over the past two weeks.It is still unsure whether the report of Caixin on the ban on bitcoin
exchanges is accurate and if the Chinese government is considering imposing a temporary
suspension on its local trading platforms. However, the Chinese market has shown that it does not
necessarily perceive the suspension as a
threat.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-trading-volume-in-china-rises-significantly-despite-e
xchange-ban-talks/

[2017-12-15] US Government to Sell Off $10 Million in Seized BTC and
BCH

The U.S. government is planning to sell off confiscated bitcoins seized during an opioid drug case
that are now worth almost $10 million in the wake of the recent spike in prices.Government
attorneys in the state of Utah are now working quickly to sell the 513.1490393 bitcoins (BTC), worth
approximately $8.7 million at current prices, according to CoinDesk's Bitcoin Price Index. An almost
equal number of bitcoin cash (BCH) is also to be sold (512.9274588), having a value of close to
$949,000.According to the court order:Quote"The BTC and BCH have been transferred to a
government wallet. Due to the volatile market for cryptocurrencies, the BTC and BCH risk losing
value during the pendency of the forfeiture proceedings ... For these reasons, the United States
seeks an interlocutory sale."The order further said that cryptocurrencies will be sold and converted
into US dollars using one or more commercial cryptocurrency exchanges in increments of 50 coins
or less, in a move to safeguard against loss or fraud. The sale proceeds will be deposited into the
Treasury Forfeiture Fund Suspense account.As per the court documents, U.S. district judge Dale
Kimball approved the sale of confiscated cryptocurrencies on Dec. 12 after the prosecutors in the
case filed a request for the sale on the same day.The case involves a Utah man, Aaron Shamo, who
was charged with running a multimillion-dollar opioid drug ring out of a Salt Lake City suburb in Nov.
2016, and was considered among the largest busts of its kind in the country, an Associated Press
report says.Shamo and his alleged partner, Drew W. Crandal, were accused of selling fake
prescription drugs on a dark web marketplace. The seized bitcoin gains were worth less than
$500,000 when Shamo was arrested, another AP report states.Back in 2015, the U.S. government
held several auctions of bitcoin obtained through its investigation of the now-defunct dark market
Silk Road. In September, the government finally acquired possession of the proceeds from those
auctions after a long legal battle with convicted Silk Road operator Ross Ulbricht, who had sought to
regain possession of the funds.In June, the South Korean government also sought to auction 216
bitcoins confiscated during a 2016 criminal
investigation.https://www.coindesk.com/us-government-to-sell-off-10-million-in-seized-bitcoin-and-bit
coin-cash/

[2016-04-09]The New Gold Standard: What Would Happen if Bitcoin Ruled
World Fina

Due to the growing interest in the Bitcoin digital currency, a research consultant for Canada's central
bank decided to imagine a world where the monetary system was based on the emerging
cryptocurrency; interestingly enough, it would resemble the gold standard and would seriously
damage central banking as we know it.Bitcoin is a decentralized form of digital currency, created
and held online all over the world. The cryptocurrency is used to buy things electronically.“Suppose
that the use of Bitcoin has grown to such an extent that it has replaced existing fiat currencies and
has become the predominant medium of exchange or at least the backing for the predominant
medium of exchange in a large group of countries,” Warren Weber writes in his 37-page paper on
the issue entitled “A Bitcoin Standard: Lessons from the Gold Standard”.“I will call a monetary
system the Bitcoin standard, because such a monetary system will very likely be similar to the gold

standard,” the author suggests.Read more:
http://sputniknews.com/business/20160409/1037747441/bitcoin-gold-standard.html#ixzz45Kc7YTD
g

[2018-03-22] Taiwan Edges Toward Liberalizing Cryptocurrency

Since the advent of Bitcoin, Taiwan has wondered whether to regulate or liberalize cryptocurrency,
the digital tokens backed up by transaction ledgers rather than monetary authorities. Regulation
could head off financial crimes and protect established banks worried about a loss of business.
Liberalization would nurture a domestic financial technology sector, timely as Taiwan’s signature
high-tech hardware gives up ground to foreign firms.Today the government and ruling
party-dominated legislature show early signs of veering toward liberalization. That course would
mean making it easier to trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrency, good for a fintech sector
that has begun flourishing even without clear rules.“There needs to be a whole new set of
frameworks and narratives to position crypto and its underlying technology blockchain as the
strength that Taiwan can develop,” says Jason Hsu, a minority party lawmaker who is pushing
regulators and other legislators to approve a “playbook” on cryptocurrency. “Once that idea is
instilled in their minds, I think we will see a quick switch happening.”History of hesitationTaiwan now
takes a “neutral” view on cryptocurrency, a publicist with government regulator the Financial
Regulatory Commission said for this post Thursday. But others in government hope to make more of
it, Hsu says based on chats with high-level officials and debates in parliament.It’s illegal to solicit
money from the public via digital security tokens and effectively impossible to open a digital currency
bank account, Hsu has found.But other uses of cryptocurrency are not expressly illegal. Two
Taiwan-based platforms and an estimated 25,000 local users already trade it. Some major banks
are developing their own schemes, the lawmaker says. Fintech startups including a cryptocurrency
wallet firm are also popping up in Taiwan. Younger people want to do more with crypto, Hsu
says.Officials worry that cryptocurrency might enable financial crime, defy taxation, or hobble
Taiwan’s conventional banks, Hsu says. The Financial Supervisory Commission warned of "risk" in
December because of price volatility in public cryptocurrency trading.In 2015 the commission’s
ex-chairman Tseng Ming-chung called the currencies illegal, particularly Bitcoin ATMs. But the
opinions were just his own, recalls John Eastwood, a partner with Eiger Law in Taipei. “Tseng's
declarations about Bitcoin, despite never being supported or acted upon by the commission, have
made their way into a lot of news reports that didn't catch that Tseng was just saying his own
opinions,” he says.Early signs of changeIn October 2017, today’s commission Chairman Wellington
Koo pledged at a joint cabinet-parliament session to pursue a friendlier “stance” on development of
cryptocurrency and its public ledger blockchain, the FinTech Law Blog reports.Two months later,
parliament approved the Act on Financial Technology Innovations and Experiments to let fintech
startups including cryptocurrency developers avoid regulations that apply to older firms. The
regulations remove fines for any cryptocurrency firms found violating certain financial rules,
Taiwanese media outlet Business Next reports. Startups would need to apply one by one, starting
next month, to qualify for the protections, the commission spokesperson says.But legislators will wait
for cues from government before considering any regulations that cover cryptocurrency itself, Hsu
says. It probably won’t get parliamentary support in the first half of 2018, so lawmakers are talking
this month about how to issue “guidelines” on cryptocurrency, he says. Guidelines would clarify
what’s OK and not before any formal regulation can pass, Hsu says.Regulatory tightening
overseasTaiwan will not go the direction of China and South Korea, which last year banned
cryptocurrency fundraisers called initial coin offerings (ICOs), Koo told the joint session in
October.Ralph JenningsTaiwan legislator Jason Hsu, an advocate of cryptocurrency liberalization,
stands in his Taipei parliament office on March 20, 2018. (photo by Ralph Jennings)China is
prepping to tighten regulations that ban ICOs and cryptocurrency exchanges, the state-run
newspaper China Daily online said in February. Its measures would increase monitoring of
cryptocurrency accounts and step up supervision of foreign currency flows in overseas ICOs. South

Korea took measures January 30 to ban anonymous trading on domestic exchanges, and it stopped
all trade by foreigners. Officials in India are fast-tracking a law to regulate the trade.Japan, by
contrast, last year overtook China as the biggest Bitcoin market in the world, news source
CryptoAnalyst says. It says Japan’s trade comes to 58% of the global volume. Japan declared
Bitcoin legal tender in April last year on its way to becoming a world crypto-hub. Singapore also
allows use of cryptocurrency but regulates the platforms to stop financial crimes.Balance between
risk and opportunity?Guidelines in Taiwan might seek a balance between cryptocurrency
“innovation” and protecting consumers from "predatory practices," Eastwood suggests.“As with any
new technology, there are always people who want to see how far they can take the concept," he
says. “Volatility for cryptocurrencies has been a concern for a long time, and governments are
concerned about some of the pump-and-dump tactics that they've been seeing.”Officials in Taiwan
may have drafted a “some version of a guideline” already,” the lawmaker says. “I just got back from
the Silicon Valley and everywhere you go people are talking about crypto and blockchain. It’s just
crazy,” Hsu says. “Our regulatory authorities really need to get out there and figure out what’s going
on.”

[2016-06-09] news.bitcoin.com-High Volume Doesn’t Mean Liquidity: New
Kaiko...

High Volume Doesn’t Mean Liquidity: New Kaiko BTC Exchange ReportUntil now, the Bitcoin
industry has determined the size and market share of these exchanges by examining trade volume
data, which is generally supplied by the companies themselves. Given the varying methodologies
employed by different companies to record this information, and the fact that trades represent past
prices and not available offers, it may not always offer the most accurate price of bitcoin.READ
MORE >>> https://news.bitcoin.com/new-kaiko-bitcoin-liquidity-report/

[2017-12-15] Intel to Apply Blockchain Mining to Genetic Sequencing

Yesterday the U.S. Patent released a patent application called “Blockchain System with Nucleobase
Sequencing as Proof of Work”. In the application Intel’s inventors describe a type of computer called
a sequence mining platform (SMP) which would identify the order or nucleobases in a
deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) or ribonucleic acid (RNA)Read more:
https://hype.codes/intel-apply-blockchain-mining-genetic-sequencingWhat is your opinion about
Intel's patent application?

[2016-08-28] Yellen's Optimism May Weigh on BTC-USD

Janet Yellen hinted that the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates for a second time this year at
the annual Jackson Hole economic Symposium, stating that the case for another hike had
“strengthened”. The Federal Reserve Chairwoman stated,    “In light of the continued solid
performance of the labor market and our outlook for economic activity and inflation, I believe the
case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months. Of course, our
decisions always depend on the degree to which incoming data continues to confirm the
committee’s outlook.” Friday 2 September will see the latest numbers for the US labour market with
the Non-Farm Payrolls, due 12:30 GMT.  We should expect a rate hike to materialize in September
if the number of new jobs added exceeds 180,000. With improving labour market conditions, this
may provide enough confidence for the Fed to continue its path of monetary tightening...Read more
here:https://btcmanager.com/news/yellens-optimism-may-weigh-on-btc-usd/Folow BTCMANAGER
for the Latest on Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin!

[2018-10-21]Crypto Anti-Money Laundering Regulations by International
FATF Impen

The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) heralded plans to propose effective rules regulating digital
currency ideal with its world AML/CFT standards. This effort is cogged towards exterminate the use
of cryptocurrencies for financing terrorism activities and money laundering.Read the details in the
article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/crypto-anti-money-laundering-regulations-impending/

[2017-09-10] China Ban on ICO is Temporary, Licensing to be Introduced:
Official

n, claimed that the government’s ban on initial coin offerings (ICOs) is only temporary.The Chinese
Academy of Social Sciences and its Institute of Finance and Banking are affiliated with the State
Council of the People's Republic of China, the chief administrative authority of the People’s Republic
of China. The Chinese Institute of Finance and its researchers are considered to be a government
institution and government officials.“Only temporary”In his interview with CCTV translated by Box
Mining, Bing explained that the suspension on ICOs and the government’s declaration of ICOs as
an illegal fundraising method are only temporary, until local financial regulators introduce necessary
regulatory frameworks and policies for both ICO investors and projects.More importantly, Bing
emphasized that the Chinese cryptocurrency community must understand that the government has
not “forbidden” ICOs but instead “paused” them, demonstrating the government’s intention to
resume ICOs in the near future. Bing also noted that the Chinese government and its financial
regulators are currently considering the potential of allowing ICOs to raise money in a controlled
environment, through a licensing program.Essentially, if the government decides to legalize and
regulate the ICO market, its licensing program would structure similarly to the BitLicense program of
New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDF), which requires companies to obtain a
license from the state in order to operate and serve people of New York.Leaving the US stageMany
startups in New York have left the state due to the impractical policies proposed by NYSDF and the
BitLicense. Specifically, even large-scale startups like ShapeShift, which remain as one of the most
widely utilized cryptocurrency exchanges, have left New York because of the state’s strict policies in
regard to Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) regulations.But, five
companies including Coinbase and Bitstamp have maintained their operations in the state of New
York, spending upwards to $100,000 in order to obtain their license.In the upcoming months, it’s
possible for the Chinese government to roll out a licensing program for ICOs, as an attempt to
restructure the market and introduce legitimate ICO projects and Blockchain startups to the public
for token sales and fundraising.It is important to consider that the Chinese government has a history
of banning many emerging and innovative technologies. For instance, in 2013, the Chinese
government and its financial regulators had banned Bitcoin on two separate occasions. PBoC went
as far to ban Bitcoin transactions and trading activities. But, as trading activities simply moved over
to over-the-counter markets and the market became even more difficult to regulate, PBoC and
Chinese financial regulators came to a consensus to legalize and regulate Bitcoin.Singapore
optimismA similar situation may transpire with the ICO market. If ICOs and Blockchain startups
simply move to Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan, countries that have expressed their optimism
towards ICOs, the ban on ICOs by the Chinese government will only hurt the Chinese Blockchain
sector.https://cointelegraph.com/news/china-ban-on-ico-is-temporary-licensing-to-be-introduced-offic
ial

[2018-10-15] Circle's sometimes head-scratching deals take shape

https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2018/10/12/circles-head-scratching-deals-take-shape-as-cryptocurrency-
bet.htmlAn interesting wee article about Circle's vision for the future. One of the main things I've
taken away from this is that they appear to have little interest in cryptocurrencies themselves, they're
primarily betting on more traditional markets moving on to crypto enabled rails. 

[2016-06-08]Bitcoin Featuring FinTech Platform Stripe Lands in France

Bitcoin Featuring FinTech Platform Stripe Lands in FranceFrance is a country of conflicts and odd
decisions at times. Albeit the Front National wants to ban Bitcoin altogether, yet Fintech startup
Stripe is now available in the country. Among the many supported payment options for Stripe,
customers are Apple Pay, Alipay, and Bitcoin. The expansion of Stripe has not gone by unnoticed,
as the service is now available in no less than 25 countries. Many investors and financial experts
see the company as one of the last ‘unicorns’ in the Fintech sector, thanks to their US$5bn valuation
at the time of writing...read more

[2016-06-08] Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis – Rising Channel or Double
top?

Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 06/08/2016 – Rising Channel or Double Top?The 100 SMA is
above the 200 SMA and is around the channel support, which might hold as a dynamic support
level. However, a move below this area could lead to the creation of a double top formation with the
neckline around $540-550. Further selling pressure could lead to a downside break of the neckline
and a continuation of the longer-term drop to the visible support at $450-500...read more

[2018-10-18] Malta-Based OKEx Lists Four Stablecoins

OKEx, a Malta-based cryptoasset exchange, recently listed TrueUSD (TUSD), USD//Coin (USDC),
Gemini Dollar (GUSD), and Paxos Standard Token (PAX). At the time of the announcement, OKEx
was the fifth-largest Bitcoin exchange by volume and the third-largest exchange in terms of Tether
volume.According to an OKEx support notice, the go-live schedule was as follows,   * TUSD, USDC,
GUSD, PAX deposit – 17:00, Oct 15 (HKT)   * TUSD/BTC, USDC/BTC, GUSD/BTC, PAX/BTC spot
trading – 14:00, Oct 16 (HKT)   * TUSD/USDT, USDC/USDT, GUSD/USDT, PAX/USDT spot trading
– 14:00, Oct 16 (HKT)   * TUSD, USDC, GUSD, PAX withdrawal – 17:00, Oct 16 (HKT)Stablecoins
in the newsTrustToken, a company focused on traditional asset tokenization, launched TrueUSD in
March. The Gemini Dollar, launched by Gemini Exchange, and the Paxos Standard Token,
launched by Paxos, debuted in early September after approval from the New York Department of
Financial Services.In the case of Gemini, users can convert USD in their Gemini account in Geminar
Dollars and withdraw them to a specified Ethereum address. Additionally, users can convert Gemini
dollars into USD by depositing them into their Gemini account. The USC//Coin was launched by
Circle in late September. All four of these stablecoins are fully collateralized with the USD.OKEx
moves to Malta’s Blockchain IslandShortly after Binance announced the setting up of an operational
base in Malta, OKEx reported intentions to expand operations to the “Blockchain Island.” OKEx
chose to extend business to Malta due to the island’s extensive blockchain initiatives. Before
developing any business in Malta, OKEx met with the Maltese government to better understand their
legislative and regulatory plans.Coining the moniker “Blockchain Island”, Malta has done a fantastic
job publicizing tolerant legislation pertaining to cryptoassets, blockchain, and token sales. In
February of this year, Malta published “Malta – A leader in DLT Regulation,” a framework for DLT
technology in Malta. This document additionally proposed legislative developments including the
establishment of the Malta Digital Innovation Authority, an entity designed to foster growth in the
space and protect the public.Source:

https://cryptoslate.com/malta-based-okex-lists-four-stablecoins/

[2018-10-17] Water Utility Company Crippled by Sophisticated
Ransowmare Attack

Criminals have shown a tendency to deploy major attacks during troublesome times. Hurricane
Florence wreaked havoc in the US not that long ago. It now appears one local water utility company
is being targeted in a major ransomware attack. It is a very troublesome development, for many
different reasons.Read More: https://nulltx.com/water-utility-company-crippled-by-ransowmare/

[2017-03-20] This Happens to Your Coins During a Bitcoin Hard Fork and
Possible 

News Bitcoin - This Happens to Your Coins During a Bitcoin Hard Fork and Possible Blockchain
SplitOver the past two weeks, the bitcoin community has been discussing the possibility of a hard
fork in the near future. Furthermore many industry exchanges and bitcoin-based businesses are
already making preparations for such an event. A couple of questions bitcoin holders are asking are;
Whether or not their bitcoins will be safe and what they should do during a blockchain split.The first
and foremost piece of information all bitcoin holders should know is that in the event of a hard fork
that splits the blockchain, bitcoins you possess will be perfectly safe.READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/this-happens-to-your-coins-during-a-bitcoin-hard-fork-and-possible-blockch
ain-split/

[2017-03-21]Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges Suspected of Violating Laws:
China’s Large

Chinese Bitcoin Exchanges Suspected of Violating Laws: China’s Largest NewspaperThe People’s
Daily, an official newspaper of the Chinese Communist Party and the biggest newspaper group in
China, has warned of bitcoin’s risks, mainly based on the operation of exchanges. According to a
translation by Eric Zhao from the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the paper stated:“Some institutions
have been suspected of engaging in financial business by violating laws and regulations, including
leveraged trades, margin trades, continuous bidding, centralized matching, etc;Second, some
institutions have not yet established compliant internal control systems with the provisions of the
anti-money laundering. (Funds) may be used by criminals to become a channel for money
laundering. In addition, some platforms are non-compliant, with technical and security risks, and
platform-related business risks.”// Let us help you become financially independent. Read exclusive
stories, bitcoin analysis, and tutorials. Use the coupon code "CCN5" and get $5 off. Join
Hacked.com now. //The paper further stated that “the current bitcoin trading platforms are often
mistaken as exchanges. However, they are not. An exchange needs to get a financial license before
it can call itself an exchange.”Most Chinese exchanges have been under inspection by China’s
Central Bank which has stated they will take a forgiving attitude towards past transgressions, but
now require strict compliance.In response, many exchanges have temporarily stopped bitcoin
deposits or withdrawals to set up a new system that addresses PBoC’s concerns. They were meant
to open earlier this month, but issued a new statement which further extended the halt until PBoC
gives a green light.PBoC, in turn, is considering how to enforce AML/KYC compliance, with some
suggestions that exchanges may require face to face account opening. A requirement that would
have both advantages and disadvantages as exchanges would need to open branches in
metropolitan areas, thus giving the currency greater visibility.No final official statement has been
made on the matter to lay out the exact requirements, but PBoC is probably most concerned with
capital flights and thus is probably thinking of a way to limit bitcoin purchases to foreign currency

levels.There has been no public consultation on how exchanges should be regulated so as to best
protect investors while encouraging business growth and innovation. Most of the news rarely comes
officially, with usually just hints here and there.The People’s Daily article is one such hint. It
suggests exchanges will probably be required to apply for a license, with likely further strict
measures to prevent any legal or regulatory violations.How long this process will take no one
currently knows, nor is there any indication of when deposits and withdrawals will be re-opened, with
PBoC seemingly preferring to operate through closed-door meetings with exchanges rather than
publicly consulting and requesting expert opinions as is the usual course of action by the more
developed
nations.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/chinese-bitcoin-exchanges-suspected-of-violating-laws-sa
ys-peoples-daily/

[2016-08-26] Ukrainian city Bila Tserkva to officially adopt eAuction 3.0
platfo

Ukrainian city Bila Tserkva to officially adopt eAuction 3.0 platformThe municipal council of the city
in Kiev region is going to approve the project presented by the city mayor Gennady Dikiy. It provides
for the regular use of the blockchain platform eAuction 3.0 for the leasing of state and municipal
property.http://www.coinfox.info/news/6282-ukrainian-city-bila-tserkva-officially-adopts-eauction-3-0-
platform

[2016-06-08] Enterprises Rather Pay Bitcoin Ransomware Fee Than
Improve Cyber Se

The bigger concern is how this study also indicated half of the respondents do not perform regular
data backups. In this day and age of cyber security and data breaches, enterprises need to get their
priorities in order. Buying Bitcoin and playing the victim will not win them any
sympathy.http://themerkle.com/enterprises-rather-pay-bitcoin-ransomware-fee-than-improve-cyber-s
ecurity/

[2016-01-15] Bitcoin Users Need To Stop Trusting Exchange Wallets

If there is one major thing the recent Cryptsy issues have taught us, it is how users should never
store funds on an exchange platform for too long. This is not just true for the world of Bitcoin and
digital currency, but also for any financial platform in existence. The main difference is how Bitcoin
stimulates users to take control of their finances, whereas fiat currency does
not.http://themerkle.com/news/bitcoin-users-need-to-stop-trusting-exchange-wallets/

[2016-06-08] Bitcoin Featuring FinTech Platform Stripe Lands in France

What Stripe does is make it a lot easier for retailers and merchants to accept a wide variety of
payment options. So far, the solution supports 130 different fiat currencies, as well as modern
payment methods such as Android Pay, Bitcoin, and Apple Pay. A great solution for merchants in
France, despite the plans by Front National to ban Bitcoin as a
currency.http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/06/08/bitcoin-fintech-stripe-lands-france/

[2018-10-15] Bitcoin Price Jumps by 11% to Reach One-Month High
Above $6.9k

Bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, jumped by 11 percent on
Monday, pushing prices above $6,900 for the first time in a month.CoinDesk's Bitcoin Price Index
shows that ,just after 5:00 UTC on Monday, bitcoin saw a sudden spike of $400 over the course of
60 minutes, and reached as high as $6,960 by 6:45 UTC – a level not seen since Sept. 6.As of
press time, bitcoin's price has dropped back slightly to around
$6,800.https://www.coindesk.com/bitcoin-price-jumps-by-600-to-reach-one-month-high-above-6-9k/I
n time when you read this price of BTC is drop under 6400$, and is likely to return to the values we
see in the previous days. Some say that the cause of this lies in Bitfinex decision to pause fiat
deposits and FUD that was created around it. Also it is interesting that price difference between
Bitfinex and Bitstamp was 700$ + at one point - nice profit for those who did not oversleep this
pump.

[2016-04-07] Barclays backs U.K. launch of bitcoin payments app

Partnership lets startup Circle offer exchanges between dollars and sterlingGetty Images Circle
transfers money by converting it into bitcoins first. MA MB MC MD ME MG ZF ZG ZQ ZR ZS ZT
ZUBarclays PLC has become the first U.K. bank to partner with a cryptocurrency company, teaming
up with Goldman Sachs-backed social payments app Circle, which uses bitcoin to transfer
money.The Boston-based startup launched in the U.K. on Wednesday after being granted an
e-money license from the Financial Conduct Authority. The license allows it to transfer money
electronically, exchange currencies and make international payments. It’s the first time a digital
currency company has been granted such a license from the U.K. financial watchdog.Its partnership
with Barclays (BARC.L) (BCS) means Circle can use the bank’s infrastructure to allow transfers
between any U.K. bank account and the bitcoin app, as well as move pounds across the blockchain
— the public ledger of transactions in bitcoin. Specifically, the London-based bank is providing the
account that Circle needs to hold pounds until the money has been transferred to a user’s account.
Circle isn’t licensed to hold customer cash on its own.“We support the exploration of positive uses of
blockchain that can benefit consumers and society,” Barclays said in an emailed statement.read the
full article

[2016-04-06] Bitcoin in need of restructuring, say Cornell researchers

Juels says the current debate over block size overlooks bitcoin’s fundamental scaling challenge. He
says tweaks to the block can be made as a quick fix, but the digital currency’s system must be
completely redesigned in order to compete with major payment methods.“The question isn’t what
happens in the next year, but what happens in two or three year,” says Juels. “And that’s going to
affect if Bitcoin becomes adopted as a mainstream currency or if cryptocurrency in general begins to
wither.”https://coinreport.net/bitcoin-need-restructuring-say-cornell-researchers/

[2017-09-07] How Bitcoin Rescued Victims of Hurricane Harvey

The International Cherch of Blerk, a registered crypto-based 501(c)(3), and recognized religion, is
revolutionizing peer to peer charitable works. They are using crypto currency to target aid where it’s
needed most.Hurricane HarveyAfter Huricane Harvey struck South Texas, Cherch of Blerk
Executive Director Jason Seibert, along with Blerk Medical Director, Dr. Rhiana Ireland, loaded up a
truck with a chainsaw, generator, fuel, water and coffee and drove as far into the storm as they
could. They finally arrived in Bay City, Texas in the heart of hard-hit Matagorda County after dodging
tornadoes and plowing through pouring rain.In the following days, Seibert and Ireland coordinated
the creation of several shelters in the Galveston County area.Dr. Ireland was recognized nationally

for her life saving efforts in JEMS (the Journal of Emergency Medicine). Seibert implemented
infectious disease control protocols in food service and meal plans, ran a makeshift kitchen, and
produced nearly 12,000 meals for four shelters. Blerk ran all the efforts, advising local officials on
how to proceed and how to create new shelters. Blerk even ran medical supplies between shelters
as the Red Cross was nowhere to be found.Bitcoin to the rescueWhile running supplies, Blerk's
trucks died. With only a few hours’ notice, Blerk found a truck on the north side of Houston,
however, wire transfer of funds was not possible due to the limitations of banks and the time of day.
Relying on banks would mean that Blerk would have no transportation for five days..Jason Seibert
contacted Robert Gonzalez, founder of the over the counter (OTC) trading company UTXO, LLC.
Gonzalez collaborated with Jesse Wilkinson, a well-known OTC trader in Dallas/Fort Worth area, for
a solution. Jason liquidated personal crypto assets through Rob and Jesse, who are registered with
FinCEN, and had cash in the dealer's hand in less than four hours.Apparently, when banks fail,
crypto wins. Blerk made peer-to-peer aid happen when traditional financial institutions
failed.https://cointelegraph.com/news/how-bitcoin-rescued-victims-of-hurricane-harvey

[2017-12-13] Nordic Choice Hotels Tests Blockchain Distribution

Nordic Choice Hotels aims to lower distribution costs and raise additional revenue by utilizing
blockchain technology.The company, which is a franchise of Choice Hotels, will put one of its
properties onto an open-source blockchain distribution platform developed by Winding Tree.There is
a great deal of excitement about blockchain and its still-unproven transformational potential. By its
very nature, blockchain is decentralized, meaning there is no information gatekeeper – something
that has clear ramifications for the travel industry fee-driven distribution system.All users share
Information in any blockchain, enabling anyone to access and verify the particular database. It is
widely associated with the cryptocurrency bitcoin,but it has the potential to disrupt other industries
like hospitality.Starting in Stockholm But Poised for Chain-Wide TestNordic Choice Hotels’ test will
gauge whether the theory can work in practice. Should it prove successful and and get wide
adoption, blockchain could lead to a big change in how hoteliers record and sell their rooms. It is
being trialed at the hotel’s Hobo property in Stockholm before being rolled out across the rest of the
portfolio.Hobo Hotel’s distribution is currently on a Winding Tree test system and the companies
plan to move it to a live site in February, a Winding Tree spokesperson said.Christian Lundén,
director of future business at Nordic Choice Hotels, said the blockchain trial would hopefully help
create further innovation in the hotel distribution
segment.[...]https://skift.com/2017/12/13/nordic-choice-hotels-tests-blockchain-distribution-for-stockh
olm-property/

[2017-03-17] New Jersey Pastor, Florida Programer Convicted of Bitcoin
Exchange 

https://www.nytimes.com/reuters/2017/03/17/business/17reuters-cyber-jpmorgan.html

[2018-03-21] Russia: State Duma Considers Law ‘On Digital Financial
Assets

A group of Russian deputies headed by Anatoly Aksakov, Chairman of the State Duma Committee
on Financial Markets, submitted a draft of federal law on cryptocurrencies and Initial Coin Offerings
(ICO) regulations to the State Duma, as reported in an official press release March 20.According to
the press release, the documents “On Digital Financial Assets” and “On Alternative Methods of
Fundraising (Crowdfunding)” were prepared in accordance with the recent instructions from
president Vladimir Putin, stating that cryptocurrency regulations will become law by July 1, 2018.The

bill “On Digital Financial Assets” was first introduced on Jan. 25 by the Russian Ministry of Finance.
It defines cryptocurrencies and tokens as digital financial assets, allowing trading only via authorized
cryptocurrency exchange operators, and establishing Know-Your-Customer (KYC) regulations for
ICOs.https://cointelegraph.com/news/russia-state-duma-considers-law-on-digital-financial-assets-ec
hoes-us-regulations

[2017-09-08] Bitcoin, Cherch of Blerk, and Brave Volunteers Connect
During the D

The International Cherch of Blerk (IOCB) is a fully registered crypto-based 501c3 and recognized
religion. It is a revolution in peer-to-peer charitable giving and volunteer work using cryptocurrency
to give aid where needed during times of crisis.CoinIdol interviewed Cherch of Blerk Founder and
Executive Director, who is also an Attorney, Jason Seibert along with Dr. Rhiana Ireland, an
Emergency doctor with an emphasis on EMS and Pediatric Emergency Medicine. Jason Seibert
describes how the organization emerged and why Bitcoin is an integral part of its operation.Read
the full article: https://coinidol.com/bitcoin-hurricane-harvey/

[2016-04-06]Barclays, First Bank to Embrace Bitcoin with Circle

Barclays, First Bank to Embrace Bitcoin with CircleBarclays, the British banking giant is not new to
digital currency and blockchain technology. The bank, known to encourage and work with innovative
technologies has taken another step in that direction by announcing its recent partnership with
Circle, a bitcoin social payments application.According to the partnership, Barclays, the mainstream
banking major will be offering its infrastructure for a private company to deliver services. The
partnership will allow...read more

[2016-06-07] (VIDEO) Winklevoss Twins: Bitcoin is Better Than Gold as
Hedge

Jun 6 -- Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, Co-Founders of Gemini Trust joins Bloomberg TV
Canada's Pamela Ritchie to discuss why bitcoin is more stable than gold as a hedge, and why they
are seeing opportunities in the Canadian bitcoin
market.https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/video/winklevoss-twins-bitcoin-better-gold-223217861.html

[2018-03-19] Cryptocurrency scammers sued by US Federal Trade
Commission

The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC), Washington's consumer watchdog, has filed a lawsuit
against two businesses it accuses of operating cryptocurrency pyramid schemes.The FTC is taking
action against Bitcoin Funding Team and My7Network over what it defines as "chain referral"
scams, in which participants pay upfront entry fees in order to be able to recommend others to follow
suit.The companies allegedly promised customers who made an initial investment of just $100 (£71)
that they could earn an $80,000 (£56,938) monthly income from doing so - although payouts seldom
amounted to anything like that.The two businesses defrauded an estimated 30,000 people
worldwide between them, the lawsuit alleges."Bitcoin Funding Team's structure, which created a
continual chain of recruitment and recruitment-related payments, ensured that few participants
would obtain the results depicted or projected by the defendants," the FTC's complaint reads.A
Florida federal court has since halted the operations of the four men - Thomas Dluca, Louis Gatto,
Eric Pinkston and Scott Chandler - who are said to have promoted the companies via conference

calls and on social media.  Both businesses advertised on YouTube and Twitter, channels that may
not be available for much longer as the latter seems set to follow Google, Facebook and Reddit in
outlawing adverts for speculative cryptocurrency projects in a bid to offer consumers greater
protection.The global digicoin market is facing renewed threats of regulation at a time when more
and more consumers see it as an exciting alternative investment opportunity.In fact, the volatility and
wildly fluctuating values of virtual currencies like bitcoin, ethereum and litecoin make its future far
from clear-cut.Bitcoin, which dominates the market, has suffered a rocky patch of late and is valued
at $8,550 (£6,080) at the time of writing, according to Coinbase, a major fall from the all-time high of
$19,850 (£14,214) it achieved just prior to Christmas.Comedian John Oliver recently sent up the
crypto-craze on Last Week Tonight, cautioning would-be investors that, "in a speculative mania, it
can be incredibly hard to tell which companies are for real.""The vast majority of people buying
these coins are not paying much attention to the details of the startups they are attached to, they are
responding to the huge fervour," he
observed.https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/cryptocurrency-scams-la
wsuit-bitcoin-funding-team-my7network-federal-trade-commission-a8263156.html

[2016-04-06] Money20/20: MasterCard to Launch Tokenization Initiatives 

Similar to the expansion of use cases for Blockchain technology outside of Bitcoin, tokenization is
undergoing a shift in the ways it is viewed beyond traditional outlooks as purely a means to secure
financial account metadata. As Shane Fitzpatrick, Head of Global Business Solutions, EMEA, at
FirstData, put it, realizing applications for tokenization is best thought about in the context of of how
individuals live their lives and the data that they care about and generate day to day, be it on their
phones in applications or elsewhere. Mr. Fitzpatrick remarks, “When we think about tokenization, we
think about experiences and lifestyles that haven’t even happened, yet. Maybe tokenization should
secure identity, loyalty, systems, and others… We purchase more than ever online, and tokenization
and securing information security have a significant role within that environment, to secure additional
sensitive information about our behavior.”http://bitcoinist.net/tokenization-mastercard-tokenization/

[2016-08-24] South African Central Bank 'Open' to Blockchain and
Cryptocurrency

South Africa’s central bank is “open” to cryptocurrencies and blockchain, according to new
statements from its governor.In a speech today at a cybersecurity conference held in Johannesburg,
governor Lesetja Kganyago indicated that the South African Reserve Bank is exploring the
technology and interested in innovations that may stem from its development.Kganyago, who has
served as governor of the central bank since 2014, suggested that the Reserve Bank would look for
possible uses that would help the institution "execute our mandate more effectively and
efficiently".Kganyago told attendees:"As a central bank, we are open to innovations despite the
different opinions of regulators on matters such as cryptocurrencies. We are willing to consider the
merits and risks of blockchain technology and other distributed ledgers."The remarks suggest a
greater degree of interest on the part of the central bank in the technology, coming less than two
years after it released a position paper on digital currencies.At the time, the bank warned local
consumers about the perceived risks of using digital currencies from an anti-money laundering and
cyberfraud perspective. However, it noted that it "does not oversee, supervise or regulate the VC
landscape".Private institutions in South Africa, on the other hand, have made significant overtures to
explore, test and deploy the technology.A number of domestic banks have been involved in tests
using ethereum, and startups working in the country have explored use cases like crowdfunded
energy.coindesk

[2016-06-06]Bitcoin Price Watch; Reiterating the 600 Target

Bitcoin Price Watch; Reiterating the 600 TargetSo we are coming to a close of the first day of the
week in the bitcoin price market, and it’s time for us to take a look at how action during today’s
session has impacted on out strategy. Further we need to address how this impact is going to play
out this evening from our point of view. So, without further ado, let’s get to the details...read more

[2017-12-12] Howard Stern and SNL Reference Bitcoin as Popularity
Grows 

The Year of Bitcoin is finishing strong, as its spread into the mainstream, from finance to popular
culture, gains traction apace with its price increases. From The Big Bang Theory dedicating a bitcoin
subplot to an episode to Startup creating an entire series around the topic, the world’s most
well-known cryptocurrency is getting a new boost, with giants like The Howard Stern Show (Stern)
and Saturday Night Live (SNL) now entering the fray. “Well, they’re now bitcoin billionaires,” Robin
Quivers, co-host and news anchor on Stern, announced during a brief segment 4 December 2017.
“Are you into this whole bitcoin thing?” she asked Howard Stern, radio broadcast icon currently
under contract at Sirius XM Radio, a satellite paid-content provider.“No, no I am not,” Mr. Stern
answered dismissively. “Good for those guys,” he said, alluding to the ecosystem’s most well-known
twins. “They’re all bent out of shape losing out on” Facebook, as detailed in the movie The Social
Network (2010).The Source is Here! Are we now in the mainstream of the people's consciousness
since the entertainment media is now also talking about Bitcoin? Well, nobody can deny that Bitcoin
is getting popular by the day and the time is coming when it can be as popular as the US Dollar. We
are just hoping that Bitcoin will be up to the challenge of more and bigger transactions once massive
number of people will be joining the Bitcoin bandwagon. It is time to wake up and let's not allow
Bitcoin to be shooting its own feet...!! 

[2016-06-06] DDoS Attack on BitGo Bitcoin Wallet Sends Shock
Waves.......

Becuase of its unique offering, the service has gathered quite a following in the Bitcoin world, either
through its own wallet service or via its API, integrated with companies such as Wirex, Bitstamp,
Bitfinex, Unocoin, and Kraken.These services integrate BitGo in order to provide immediate Bitcoin
transactions without requiring users to wait hours for the operation to go through.As soon as the
DDoS hit, many of these companies faced issues as well, not being able to provide immediate
resolutions for some of their transactions.Recently, Wirex integrated BitGo as the go-to solution to
power its Bitcoin-based debit cards. The DDoS attack on BitGo brought down its service, and the
company sent out an email message to all of its customers telling them to avoid making transactions
until they receive confirmation from BitGo that its service has resumed.Read more:
http://news.softpedia.com/news/ddos-attack-on-bitgo-bitcoin-wallet-sends-shockwaves-through-the-i
ndustry-504887.shtml#ixzz4AlUoPU9y

[2017-12-11]Dave Chapman predicts Six-Figures for Bitcoin in 2018

In an interview by  CNBC’s Squawk Box on Bitcoin Futures Trading, Dave Chapman predicts Bitcoin
to cross $100000 highly psychological resistance by the end of year 2018.Full article:
http://cryptobible.io/dave-chapman-predicts-six-figures-bitcoin-2018/

[2016-08-23] Hitachi and Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi start testing

blockchain...

Given Singapore’s financial strength and stability, coupled with its strategic location, the country has
grown to become a leading global financial centre, with a major role in regional and international
payments.Payment flows between individuals and businesses in Singapore are substantial. As a
major trading hub, trade finance centre, and gateway for investments in Asia, there is an even larger
volume of international payment
flows.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/hitachi-and-bank-of-tokyo-mitsubishi-start-testing-blockchain-te
chnology-for-electronic-check-processing-in-singapore/

[2017-03-12]Examining SEC’s Decision to Reject Bitcoin ETF

On Friday, Bitcoin.com reported on the ruling by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) rejecting Bats BZX Exchange’s proposed rule change to list and trade Coin ETF. In this
article, we examine the reasoning behind the SEC’s decision and the Bitcoin community’s
reactions.read more:https://news.bitcoin.com/examining-secs-decision-first-bitcoin-etf/

[2017-12-11] Bitcoin rally says cryptocurrency will surge above $100,000 in
2018

   - Bitcoin's
   - Bitcoin

   - Dave Chapman from Hong

Trader who called bitcoin rally says cryptocurrency will surge above $100,000 in 2018 
price could exceed $100,000 before the end of 2018, a cryptocurrency trader told CNBC 
futures on Cboe Futures Exchange began trading on Sunday 
Kong-based Octagon Strategy added that the price of the cryptocurrency is not as interesting as its
various applicationsBitcoin's runaway rally could accelerate next year as the cryptocurrency
continues to gain wider acceptance, a trader said Monday."I wouldn't be surprised to see a six figure
headline," said Dave Chapman, Managing Director of cryptocurrency trading firm Octagon Strategy,
who sees the price of bitcoin exceeding $100,000 before the end of 2018.The digital currency was
changing hands about 10.7 percent higher at above $16,642.45, according to CoinDesk's Bitcoin
Price Index. The index tracks prices from digital currency exchanges Bitstamp, Coinbase, itBit and
Bitfinex.Chapman has made bullish bets before. He successfully called bitcoin's dizzying ascent
past $10,000 earlier in the year."I was quoted back in August when bitcoin was trading at around
$4,000 that we would have a five figure headline by the end of this year," he told CNBC's "Squawk
Box.""I think a lot of people thought I was crazy, a lot of people scoffed at me, but that's OK," he
said.Rising interest from institutional and retail investors has made bitcoin one of 2017's hottest
trades. The cryptocurrency's price has surged more than 1,000 percent this year.Its rising popularity
has prompted global exchanges such as the Cboe to launch futures contracts, a move market
participants said will bring in more institutional investors and curb gyrations in the volatile
cryptocurrency. A contract from rival CME will go live next week.Trading of the hotly anticipated
futures contract began on Sunday on the Cboe, representing a significant step in the legitimization
of cryptocurrencies."The price to me is probably the most uninteresting component about bitcoin. I'm
more excited in the applications and more excited about what this means for people who don't have
access to financial inclusion," he said."If we focus on the price, we're losing track of the big
picture."But not everyone is convinced about bitcoin's appeal."This is a toxic concept for investors,"
Stephen Roach, Yale University senior fellow and the former Asia chairman and chief economist at
investment bank Morgan Stanley said last week."This is a dangerous speculative bubble by any
shadow or stretch of the imagination," he told CNBC's "The Rundown" last week - suggesting that
exchange legitimization makes bitcoin "somewhat dangerous" for investors, given what he described
as a "lack of intrinsic underlying economic value to the concept."But Chapman remains convinced of
his view."I think bitcoin is growing up," he said, hitting back at what he called "bitcoin naysayers" like
"academic economists" who take a conservative view and fail to see the cryptocurrency's

potential."Bitcoin allows the immediate transfer of value from one individual in the world to any other
individual in the world, and it does that without a middle man. That's its value," he added.Chapman
said bitcoin's scarcity is a key factor behind his bullish call, but it's not the only reason he expects to
see a six digit price in the future."If you look at bitcoin and its impact on finance, it's really not that
crazy to think that bitcoin could be an extremely huge disruptor to finance as we know it
today."Source:
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/12/11/bitcoin-could-exceed-100000-dollars-by-2018-says-trader.html

[2017-09-03] Bitcoin Mempool is Empty and High Transaction Fees are no
Longer Re

Bitcoin Mempool is Empty and High Transaction Fees are no Longer RequiredIt appears as if the
Bitcoin mempool is virtually empty once again. This is a positive development for anyone looking to
move BTC on the network. Up until this point, there have been several issues with transaction
delays. However, it appears those problems are finally coming to an end as we speak. Users should
adjust their transaction fees accordingly to avoid overpaying. There’s no reason to pay too much,
after
all.http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/09/02/bitcoin-mempool-empty-high-transaction-fees-no-longer-req
uired/

[2017-03-11] As SEC Rejected Bitcoin ETF, Bitcoin Price Rally Can Still Be
Ahead

As SEC Rejected Bitcoin ETF, Bitcoin Price Rally Can Still Be AheadAs the news of the Winklevoss
exchange traded fund not being approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission sinks, the
CEO of CryptoCompare, which brings the latest streaming pricing data of cryptocurrencies, hints at
what could have been responsible for the rejection.Charles Hayter states in an email that the SEC
does not like Bitcoin being unchained from all regulation and the rejection move is, in essence, a
form of consumer
protection.https://cointelegraph.com/news/as-sec-rejected-bitcoin-etf-bitcoin-price-rally-can-still-be-a
head

[2017-09-02] Two Big Tests For Bitcoin

Bitcoin, the digital currency that has turned into the new “gold” among investors and traders around
the world, is in for two big tests. The first test is simple, and involves Bitcoin’s price chart. The digital
currency must overcome the barrier of the $5000-mark, which it already crossed last night before
pulling back towards the $4800-mark. Milestone numbers are important for traders following price
and volume charts, as they confirm/reject market momentum.The second test is more complicated.
It involves the actions of big governments that have been following with great unease the rising in
popularity of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that threaten to abolish their monopoly in creating
money and collecting seigniorage income.Back at the end of July, the SEC ruled that cryptocurrency
“IPOs” or Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) are investments, and therefore, should be subject to the same
rules as regular stocks.That ruling sent all major cryptocurrencies sharply lower, before rebounding
towards new highs.Apparently, traders and investors thought that this ruling could eventually be
positive for cryptocurrencies, as it will limit the supply of new digital currencies coming to the market.
Thus, the new high reached overnight for Bitcoin.Now comes the National Internet Finance
Association of China (NIFA) to warn investors that ICO projects are a threat to the stability of
China’s financial sector.China and Asia are among the biggest markets for Bitcoin and any warning
from Asian governments, especially from the Chinese government, shouldn’t be taken slightly.That

could, perhaps, explain the big sell off in most digital currencies on Saturday, though it is still too
early to determine whether the sell-off was technical or
fundamental.https://www.forbes.com/sites/panosmourdoukoutas/2017/09/02/two-big-tests-for-bitcoin
/#73c272e64473

[2017-03-10]Industry Speaks Out in Aftermath of Bitcoin ETF Rejection

The US Securities and Exchange Commission has rejected an effort to list the Winklevoss Bitcoin
ETF (COIN), prompting comment from many of those who watched and waited for the
decision.Reactions to the news were, as can be expected, mixed. Markets, having hit a new all-time
high of roughly $1,325 prior to the decision, fell sharply before recovering above $1,100. Some
observers deemed it a setback for bitcoin, while others, by comparison, said that it wouldn't have
any long-term impact.When reached for comment, Tyler Winklevoss struck an optimistic note, telling
CoinDesk that more engagement with the agency would
follow.http://www.coindesk.com/industry-speaks-aftermath-secs-bitcoin-etf-rejection/

[2017-12-08] Bitcoin Price to Reach $60,000 Before Crashing to $1,000 in
2018...

Bitcoin Price to Reach $60,000 Before Crashing to $1,000 in 2018 is Saxo Bank’s ‘Outrageous’
Prediction“Bitcoin is thrown to the wolves,” the headline reads, punctuating the tail end of Saxo
Bank’s prediction that the bitcoin price will soar above $60,000 in 2018 before crashing more than
98 percent to “its fundamental ‘production cost’ of $1,000.”The Danish investment bank issued this
forecast in its annual “Outrageous Predictions” publication that purports to identify “highly unlikely
events with underappreciated potential.”    “The rise of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies has been
one of the most spectacular phenomena of financial markets in recent years,” two Saxo analysts
write.  “Bitcoin will continue to rise – and rise high – during most of 2018 but Russia and China will
together engineer a crash.”The bank predicts that fueled by prolonged bullishness over the advent
of bitcoin derivatives,  the bitcoin price will rise approximately 400 percent from its current level to
peak above $60,000 — bringing its market cap to $1 trillion.However, Saxo warns, bitcoin’s meteoric
ascent will be equaled by the rate of its demise. Concerned about capital flight, China and Russia
will unleash a multi-pronged assault on the decentralized cryptocurrency ecosystem to “shift the
focus away from Bitcoin”. In addition to creating their own, state-backed cryptocurrencies, the two
governments will ban mining, citing environmental concerns even though their true priority is
keeping a handle on domestic monetary policy.Bitcoin diehards will not give up without a fight, but
the bank predicts that state-run cryptocurrencies will prove to function better as actual payment
systems, putting an end to the two-year crypto craze and causing the bitcoin price to careen down to
$1,000.“The smoother functioning of the state-run protocols for actual payments and price stability,
as well as the heavy hand of state intervention, drives a decreasing interest in all cryptocurrencies
and completely sidelines the Bitcoin and crypto phenomenon from a price speculation angle even as
the technological promise of the blockchain gallops on,” Saxo concludes. “After its spectacular peak
in 2018, Bitcoin crashes and limps into 2019 close to its fundamental “production cost” of
$1,000.”Remember, these predictions are somewhat tongue-in-cheek — the bank deliberately
concocts unlikely scenarios. However, Saxo did foretell “huge gains for bitcoin” in last year’s edition,
although the bank’s “outrageous” prediction that bitcoin would rise as high as $2,100 has proven to
be shockingly conservative.Source:
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-price-to-reach-60000-before-crashing-hard-to-1000-saxo-
bank-outrageous-prediction/

[2016-06-03] Bitcoin Price now at $575

The Bitcoin price continues to rally as it hits $575, up 7% and $38 today.Read the full story
here:http://bitcoinprice.net/price-finally-reached-550-australians-to-buy-bitcoins-over-the-counter/

[2016-08-21] Ripple CTO: Why Blockchain Can't Gain Wide Adoption

Over the past few years, the blockchain technology has become the most popular trend in the
fintech space due to the devotion of major banks and financial institutions in the development of
blockchain-based products. Yet, the financial industry has failed to showcase a working application
of the blockchain technology. Ripple CTO Stefan Thomas believes the issue lies behind the
fundamentals of the technology itself...Read more
here:https://btcmanager.com/news/ripple-cto-why-blockchain-cant-gain-wide-adoption/Follow
BTCMANAGER for the Latest on Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin!

[2016-06-03] Lost in Interpretation: Landmark Case in Florida May Decide
Future 

A money-laundering case in Miami is expected to determine what the future of Bitcoin in the U.S. will
be.A 32-year-old Florida man is charged with attempted money-laundering after illegally selling
$1,500 in Bitcoins. The essential question is: was it really money he was laundering?The verdict of
Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Teresa Mary Pooler may serve as a landmark of what Bitcoin actually is
from the US law’s viewpoint.  It’s the fact that this is the first case of its kind which makes it so
special.Article :
http://cointelegraph.com/news/lost-in-interpretation-landmark-case-in-florida-may-decide-future-of-bit
coin

[2016-08-17] Beware of Pyramids and Other Scams Masquerading as
Legitimate...

Beware of Pyramids and Other Scams Masquerading as Legitimate Digital Currency
InvestmentsWherever there is money to be made, there will always be crafty scam artists with
complex plans to bilk naive and unsuspecting investors out of their money. Since bitcoin and dozens
of other digital currencies are proving to be very lucrative investments, it comes as no surprise to
find criminals surfacing, pretending to be legitimate members of the digital currency industry.Aside
from the illegal 'pump and dump' schemes that were commonplace with many of the early
fly-by-night cryptocurrencies, there are scarier scenarios involving pyramid schemes that have the
potential to do a lot of damage to the industry's reputation. The Ponzi or Pyramid may involve the
criminal using a legitimate cryptocurrency, but the ones that may have the most painful impact on
their victims are those 'currencies' created solely to run the scheme. These fraudulent acts have
nothing to do with digital currency and everything to do with criminals preying on easy targets that
buy into their get-rich-quick pitches. Unfortunately, as we have witnessed time and time again, that
is not how the story will be portrayed in the mainstream media - they will find a way to blame
bitcoin.Read the full story below:
http://dcebrief.com/beware-of-pyramids-and-other-scams-masquerading-as-legitimate-digital-curren
cy-investments/

[2017-08-30]Hard Forks Galore: Bitcoin Cash Debates Ambitious Tech
Roadmap

Hard Forks Galore: Bitcoin Cash Debates Ambitious Tech RoadmapBitcoin cash's developer team
is shedding new light on how it might manage the world's third most valuable cryptocurrency
network.Details, not only about its development roadmap, but also the ideas of its development
team, have so far been sparse since the new blockchain forked off bitcoin on August 1. Yet given
the sudden, controversial manner in which it was created, it might come as no surprise that bitcoin
cash's developer team isn't taking a more conservative approach.In an email addressing other
bitcoin cash developers over the weekend, Amaury Sechet, lead developer of the main bitcoin cash
client, Bitcoin ABC, argued that the network should pursue an aggressive means of increasing its
transaction capacity.Sechet wrote:"If we want to scale big, we'll have to do a [hard fork] from time to
time."This could be a questionable plan, however, since critics contend that developers shouldn't
have the power to enforce hard fork changes not everyone in the ecosystem will agree with. Further,
since such changes could lead to splits into competing assets, it's widely believed developers
should deploy changes in a way that prioritizes keeping the network together.Supporters, though,
argue that hard forks offer a way to make more types of software upgrades, and give users more
choice over technical
decisions.https://www.coindesk.com/hard-forks-galore-bitcoin-cash-debates-ambitious-tech-roadma
p/

[2019-09-21] Tim Draper Still Has $260 Million Worth of Bitcoin at $6,500
Price 

In a recent, exclusive interview with The Street, billionaire investor Tim Draper stated that he stands
by his $250,000 Bitcoin price target by 2022.While the price of Bitcoin has declined by more than 65
percent since late 2017, the holdings of early Bitcoin investors remain relatively high against the
U.S. dollar. Draper, who invested in Bitcoin in 2014, still has more than $260 million worth of Bitcoin,
excluding his investments in other cryptocurrencies including Tezos.How Draper Built His Bitcoin
PortfolioIn early 2014, the price of Bitcoin was volatile in the $1 to $5 range. Draper stated that he
acquired Bitcoin in small batches, starting from approximately $2, and bought his first large batch of
Bitcoin when the U.S. Marshall’s Office seized funds from Silk Road operators and put it in an
auction. Draper said:“Small amounts, a little bit at a time. That price was about $2.50 and then it was
starting to really rip and the U.S. Marshall’s Office confiscated the Silk Road money from Bitcoin.
They put it up for auction. The bidders were all sort of venture capitalists and a couple of other
people. They were all talking about what kind of a deal they were going to get.”At the time, in late
2014, 12 lots featuring thousands of Bitcoins were auctioned off and venture capitalists were
allowed to participate in the auction. Predicting Bitcoin would either go down to zero or up to many
billions of dollars, Draper outbid everyone with $632, with over 5 percent in premium, and purchased
all 12 lots.“Here was my thinking: Either this thing goes to nothing and–you know, too bad–or it goes
sky-high and nobody’s going to care that I paid 5 percent more for it. So I bid up to $632 and I didn’t
just get one lot, I got all the lots. I think it was about 40,000 Bitcoins.”The 40,000 Bitcoins Draper
purchased in 2014 are now worth $260 million. Subtracting the initial $22.4 million investment
Draper made, even after a 65 percent correction, Draper’s profit from his 2014 investment is $237.6
million.Continue @
https://cryptoslate.com/tim-draper-still-has-260-million-worth-of-bitcoin-at-current-price-6500/

[2016-01-20] Audio: Bitso CEO Pablo Gonzalez discusses Mexican
exchanges

Bitso CEO Pablo Gonzalez discusses Mexican
exchangeshttp://www.bitcoin.kn/2016/01/bitso-ceo-pablo-gonzalez-discusses-mexican-exchange/

[2017-08-31] Bitmain's Mining Monopoly Compromises Bitcoin's
Decentralized...

Bitmain's Mining Monopoly Compromises Bitcoin's Decentralized NatureBitmain must be regarded
as the most influential company in the Bitcoin ecosystem based on their processing power, but does
than mean they have the power to manipulate the market?Allegations have been levied that the
recent hard fork into Bitcoin Cash was a move by Bitmain’s leader Jihan Wu to undermine Bitcoin,
although he has denied this. Mining centralization seems to be a real thing, and this could be hurting
Bitcoin’s claim of being governed by no one.Professional minersThere was a time when mining
Bitcoin was anyone’s game, and people using their home computers would truly spread the wealth,
and thus the power across a large user base.However, as the difficulty has risen, professional
mining groups with specialized computer chips emerged and formed these groups - or pools -
mostly in China, to dominate the creation of the digital coin.Bitmain became the leading force in
Bitcoin mining with the development of the ASIC chip, which saw its processing power soar to
around 29 percent of all the hashing power globally with its control of Antpool and
BTC.com.Vulnerable to manipulationThe recent hard fork of Bitcoin into Bitcoin Cash, which was
supported by a miner in Shenzhen named ViaBTC - which happened to be a company that Bitmain
has invested in - had many alleging that Wu was party to this in order to manipulate the markets.Wu
denies the allegations, but the links made seem to suggest that it is not only traders with hordes of
Bitcoin who can affect the market, but perhaps miners as well.Undermining Bitcoin’s integrityOne
person who is of the opinion that Wu, and Bitmain, is engaged in “shenanigans” is CSO of the
cryptocurrency consulting firm Blockstream, Samson Mow.“Jihan does have a lot of control for now,
and much of that is simply due to mining centralization. As Bitmain is so vertically integrated, from
selling ASICs, to operating mining farms, to running mining pools, he can prevent network upgrade
and attempt to hijack the Bitcoin brand with things like Bitcoin Cash," Mow said.The Aug. 1 fork, and
the debate of scaling Bitcoin, was always considered a philosophical feud. However, in the real
world market of digital currencies, they provide perfect opportunities for mining cabals to sway the
future of Bitcoin.Mow still believes in the democratic and decentralized nature of Bitcoin. The
influence that can be enacted by miners such as Wu will only be fleeting, as it is the power of the
users that has the most say.The recent implementation of SegWit shows that Bitcoin is still
fundamentally democratic.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitmains-mining-monopoly-compromises-bitcoins-decentralized-natu
re

[2018-03-15] S Korean exchanges raided for stealing customer funds

http://english.chosun.com/site/data/html_dir/2018/03/15/2018031500890.htmlexchange employees
are suspected of helping themselves to customer funds and buying crypto elsewhere. remind me
again how the south korean government allowed an entire industry to spring up without one single
piece of oversight, regulation or taxation? seeing how this has developed in south korea i really
wonder how shoddily the rest of the country is run. 

[2017-03-06] The New 110% Unlimited Bitcoin.com Mining Pool is Now
Open to Every

News Bitcoin - The New 110% Unlimited Bitcoin.com Mining Pool is Now Open to EveryoneThis
past September Bitcoin.com started mining with its very own pool and mined its first block, 430757,
on Wednesday, September 21, 2016. The following month our mining pool steadily increased its
hashrate capturing 1 percent of the global network in October. Since then the pool’s computational
power has increased, currently running at 80 Ph/s and handling 2.456 percent of the global
hashrate.Bitcoin.com pool operators to the left, a CEO in the middle and a couple of happy miners

on the right.Bitcoin.com’s Chief Technical Officer, Emil Oldenburg, who helped get the mining pool
up and running gives our readers some insight about the pool. Oldenburg tells us he helped develop
the pool with Bitcoin.com’s developer Shaun Chong, and Bitcoin Unlimited developers Andrew
Stone and Andrea Suisani. Furthermore, the CTO explains the new pool offers miners incentives
like no other mining program and encourages people to join the group.READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/new-unlimited-bitcoin-com-mining-pool-now-open/

[2018-09-22]The U.S SEC Demands Further Comments On CBOE Verdict
on Bitcoin ETF

The U.S Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has requested more comments concerning its
verdict on the Chicago Board Options Exchanges filed on the ETF for Bitcoin.Read more:
https://coinidol.com/us-sec-demands-further-comments-on-cboe-verdict-on-bitcoin-etf/

[2018-09-20] How Blockchain Technology Can Serve Emerging Markets

"Blockchain technology has been said to have the potential to disrupt many industries with low-cost
transactions, immutability, and enhanced security. Indeed, many blockchain implementations have
been developed, each exhibiting unique features tailored to specific use-cases. One of the most
exciting of these use cases is serving so-called emerging markets. In this article, I discuss some of
the central challenges of emerging markets and how one African-based crypto startup plans to
overcome
them."https://hackernoon.com/how-blockchain-technology-can-serve-emerging-markets-a7585ca2ff
43

[2017-08-30]Bitcoin Is Becoming a Popular Investment for Middle-Class
Americans

Bitcoin Is Becoming a Popular Investment for Middle-Class AmericansAccording to a recent report
from NBC, middle-class Americans are growing quite fond of bitcoin and cryptocurrency investment.
Bitcoin’s value is continuing to climb and everyday Americans are getting in on the action.‘In Five to
Ten Years, You Could Be Sitting on Something Nice’Bitcoin has grown very popular in the U.S. and
data shows the region is consistently one of the top three countries leading in bitcoin trade volume.
According to a recent study from the Cambridge University Business School’s Centre for Alternative
Finance, the U.S. is the fourth leading country utilizing bitcoin for payments and as a form of
cross-border money transmission. Further, the country has the third largest number of exchanges
worldwide, and USD is one of the most widely supported currencies across a majority of global
exchanges. This popularity has spread to American ‘mom and pop’ investors spending a few bucks
on cryptocurrency investments that are turning out to be extremely lucrative.    The vast amount of
infrastructure in the U.S. and this year’s exponential BTC price spike, has led to middle-class
Americans learning how to invest in cryptocurrencies. NBC interviewed a school bus driver, Ryan
Williams, who used some of his bitcoin holdings to purchase a new pool for his kids. During the hot
summer Williams thought he couldn’t afford a pool, but suddenly remembered he had a stash of
bitcoin that gained quite a bit of value. Williams purchased the pool at Wal Mart using his Bitpay
card, and now his mother and other family members are investing in bitcoin too.Another 39-year-old
ironworker from New Jersey, Greg Salerno, said he put $1,600 into bitcoin a while back, and now
his stash is worth $20,000. Salerno tells the publication that he’s also started to talk about
cryptocurrency investments to co-workers. “It’s like being in Apple at 10 cents,” Salerno tells
NBC.https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-is-becoming-a-popular-investment-for-middle-class-americans/

[2016-04-01] Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 04/01/2016 – Short-Term
Area o

Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis for 04/01/2016 – Short-Term Area of InterestBitcoin price is having
trouble making headway past the 50% Fibonacci retracement level, which lines up with several
inflection points.
http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/04/01/bitcoin-price-technical-analysis-04012016-short-term-area-inter
est/

[2017-12-06] Mexican Lawmakers Advance Bill to Regulate Bitcoin,
Fintech Firms

The upper chamber of Mexico's national legislature has approved a financial technology bill that
would bring local bitcoin exchanges under the oversight of the central bank.According to Reuters,
the bill cleared the Mexican Senate on Dec. 5, setting the stage for its consideration and potential
passage in the Chamber of Deputies, the lower house of the legislature. Citing sources familiar with
the process, Reuters reported that the bill is expected to clear the Chamber of Deputies on Dec.
15.As previously reported, the measure, as currently written, would clarify that bitcoin and other
cryptocurrencies are not legal tender in Mexico. Further, exchanges and other companies that
handle cryptocurrencies would be officially regulated by the Banco de Mexico, Mexico's central
bank.The goal of the change is to provide legal clarity for companies, including those working with
bitcoin, that are creating new kinds of products and services.Yet, as Reuters highlights, the finer
details of the bill are still being ironed out, as so-called secondary laws are expected to further build
on the measure.Statements from officials at the Banco de Mexico offer insight into how the central
bank might go about regulating cryptocurrencies. Earlier this year, Agustin Carstens, the institution's
governor, was quoted by local media as saying that bitcoin should be considered more akin to a
commodity than a currency.In mid-2014, the Banco de Mexico moved to prohibit banks in the
country from directly handling
bitcoin.https://www.coindesk.com/mexican-lawmakers-advance-bill-regulate-bitcoin-fintech-firms/

[2017-08-27] Bank of Mexico Rejects ‘Virtual Currency’ as Legal
Classification f

Bank of Mexico Rejects ‘Virtual Currency’ as Legal Classification for BitcoinThe governor of the
Bank of Mexico, Agustin Carstens, has rejected adopting ‘virtual currency’ as the legal classification
for bitcoin. Carstens has argued that the term ‘currency’ comprises an inappropriate classification for
bitcoin due to the cryptocurrency’s absence of central bank backing or issuance.Carstens Believes
That Bitcoin’s Lack of Central Backing Disqualifies It From Being Classified as a ‘Virtual
Currency’The governor of Mexico’s central bank has argued that cryptocurrency should fall under
the governmental domain of cyber security, and not be viewed as a ‘virtual currency’ by the nation’s
regulators. Carstens stated that cryptocurrencies “are not necessarily immune to hacking”, and
argued that bitcoin’s greatest utility is “the fact that it offers users anonymity” – before warning that
bitcoin comprises an attractive a monetary instrument to black market entities.Carstens proposed
that Mexican authorities seek to prudently promote the development and application of
cryptocurrency technology within the nation’s financial system. Speaking at the Instituto Tecnologico
Autonomo de Mexico, Carstens articulated that “this technological development in the financial
system can not be the result of innovation alone. There must be a free step that does not cause
problems to the financial system that in the end affect the whole society” – suggesting that Mexico’s
central bank will seek to actively guide the integration of cryptocurrency technology into the Mexican
economy. Carstens also stated that “financial authorities will soon present” detailed proposals for

cryptocurrency legislations.>>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/bank-of-mexico-rejects-virtual-currency-as-legal-classification-for-bitcoin/

[2016-03-31] FBI issues warning over MSIL/Samas ransomware

The FBI has began seeking the assistance of companies in the US to streamline its investigation on
an increasing ransomware threat in the country.The FBI is looking into a strain of ransomware called
MSIL/Samas, which has been encrypting data across entire networks rather than single computers,
Reuters reports. The ransomware infects machines before encrypting data and asking for money in
return of the access.The investigating agency found that the group behind MSIL/Samas used
Jexboss, a publicly available security program, to scan for vulnerable versions of the JBoss
software, which will be followed by a malware attack on the vulnerable network, according to
information Reuters has
gathered.http://betanews.com/2016/03/30/fbi-alert-msil-samas-ransomware/

[2016-01-19] Bitcoin exchange Kraken buys Coinsetter, Cavirtex

Bitcoin exchange Kraken buys Coinsetter, CavirtexJan 19 Global bitcoin exchange Kraken said on
Tuesday it is acquiring digital currency exchanges Coinsetter and Cavirtex, strengthening its
expansion in North America.Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed.San Francisco-based
Kraken, the world's largest bitcoin exchange as measured in euro volume and liquidity, will fully
absorb the Coinsetter and Cavirtex brands, it said in a statement.New York-based Coinsetter was
founded in 2012 and targeted institutional clients. In April last year, it acquired Cavirtex, Canada's
first bitcoin exchange."Coinsetter has a lot of synergies with us and it's pretty clean," Kraken Chief
Executive Officer Jesse Powell said in an interview with Reuters."There's a lot of companies that
you can do a deal with. But Coinsetter has certainly a cautious approach to the United States and it
doesn't have contingent liabilities hanging around its head and that's pretty appealing to us."Client
accounts of both Coinsetter and Cavirtex will be automatically transferred to Kraken's platform on
Jan. 26, the company statement said.For strategic reasons, including a cautious approach to
compliance, Kraken had previously focused on developing market share outside the United States,
especially Europe. Kraken's average bitcoin/euro trading volume is 5,000 to 7,000 bitcoins per
day.Its bitcoin/dollar volume, however, is only one-tenth of its European turnover, Powell said, and
with the acquisition, Kraken hopes to double that.Powell said Kraken is taking two of Coinsetter's
employees, while the latter's chief executive officer and founder, Jaron Lukasiewicz, will stay
temporarily as an adviser before moving to other projects."I've always thought that there are just too
many businesses for the current price of bitcoin," Powell said. "There are just too many exchanges
out there. If we put our businesses together, we may have a better shot."Bitcoin on Tuesday last
traded at $385, down 0.1
percent.http://www.reuters.com/article/coinsetter-ma-kraken-idINL2N15310R

[2018-03-14] Survey Finds South Korean Youth the Most Active
Crypto-Investors

A survey released this week reveals that many South Koreans in their 20s are actively investing in
digital assets. The region has become a hotbed for cryptocurrency exchanges as more than 2
million South Korean citizens own one of the top digital assets.South Koreans in Their Twenties:
The Most Active Crypto-InvestorsAccording to the regional publication Yonhap, South Korean
residents in their 20s are very active when it comes to cryptocurrency investments and trading.
South Korea is Asia’s fourth-largest economy and its become a popular region for trading digital
currencies despite pending government regulations. The local news outlet details that over 2Mn

South Koreans residents claim to own popular cryptocurrencies like bitcoin cash, ripple, bitcoin core,
and ethereum. The Korean Financial Investors Protection Foundation ran a survey in December and
questioned 2,530 South Koreans between the ages of 25-64.The survey’s data shows that around
22.7 percent of the respondents were in their twenties and are very “active” within the
cryptocurrency ecosystem. Out of all the age groups, an average of 13.9 percent were also relatively
active digital currency investors. These metrics were followed by South Koreans in their thirties
(19.3%) and their forties (12%).“Numbers for people in their 60s reached 10.5 percent and those in
their 50s at 8.2 percent,” explains the Survey’s data.More Than Two-Thirds of the Survey
Respondents View Cryptocurrencies As an ‘Investment’Even though investors in their sixties were
low on the list, the survey explains that this age bracket was the highest on record in the amount of
the investments made. The Korean Financial Investors Protection Foundation says that this group
spent an average of 6.58 million won (US$6,161). The 30-year old age bracket had shown that they
paid 3.73 million won ($3,478 USD), and those in their twenties around 29.3Mn won ($27.2K USD).
Moreover, the study details that over 70 percent of South Koreans surveyed view cryptocurrencies
are an “investment.” While 34 percent of the 2,530 respondents use digital currencies as a payment
service.Source:
https://news.bitcoin.com/survey-finds-south-korean-youth-the-most-active-crypto-investors/

[2016-05-31] Ernst & Young to sell $13 mln in bitcoins confiscated from
Silk Roa

Ernst & Young to sell $13 mln in bitcoins confiscated from Silk Road drug dealerConsulting firm
Ernst & Young will hold a series of auctions in Sydney to sell 24,518 bitcoins ($12.9 million at
current exchange rate). The coins were seized during a police operation against a drug trafficker
who used the popular darknet market Silk
Road.http://www.coinfox.info/news/5598-ernst-young-to-sell-13-mln-in-bitcoins-confiscated-from-dar
knet-drugdealer-2

[2016-05-31] City AM: Bitcoin price rises more than two per cent to above
£370..

Bitcoin price rises more than two per cent to above £370 following recent
rallyhttp://www.cityam.com/242258/bitcoin-price-rises-more-than-two-per-cent-to-above-370-followin
g-recent-rallyQuoteThe bitcoin price has continued its recent rally to rise another two per cent
today.The price of a single bitcoin reached a high of £374.04 ($546.85) in trading today, up more
than 2.6 per cent, and was trading at £371.94 by 1pm (GMT), according to Coindesk. Prices have
risen by around 20 per cent since 28 May, following a surge in demand out of China....

[2016-03-30] Video: Andreas Antonopoulos: On the Future of Money

Andreas Antonopoulos: On the Future of
Moneyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0hxWC7sP2k&feature=youtu.be&t=2627

[2016-03-30] Bitfury Pays in Bitcoin to Join UK’s Innovate Finance

Bitfury Pays in Bitcoin to Join UK’s Innovate FinanceThe leading Bitcoin infrastructure provider
Bitfury has officially joined the London fintech group Innovate Finance this week after announcing it
would enter the accelerator back in November of 2015. According to Business Insider, Bitfury paid
£10,000, or 37.55 BTC, to join the organization that aims to propel the UK’s position as the fintech

community’s global technology hub.https://news.bitcoin.com/bitfury-pays-btc-join-innovate-finance/

[2016-01-19] LOL: Bitcoin exchange Cryptsy now claims it was hacked....

The saga of failed Bitcoin exchange Cryptsy (Project Investors, Inc.) has taken a turn for the absurd
with the exchange now claiming it was hacked.read more detail:
http://siliconangle.com/blog/2016/01/19/lol-bitcoin-exchange-cryptsy-now-claims-it-was-hacked-tried
-to-trade-its-way-out-of-insolvency/

[2018-03-13] - Bitcoin ‘Not The Answer To Cashless Economy’ Says
European Banks'

https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-not-the-answer-to-cashless-economy-says-european-banks-t
op-brassExecutives from the European Central Bank (ECB) and Bank of International Settlements
(BIS) have said Bitcoin is “not the answer to the cashless economy,” in a statement.  Writing in a
commentary on a BIS report into so-called central bank digital currencies (CBDCs), Benoît Cœuré
and Jacqueline Loh added that banks should improve remittance options and not necessarily resort
to CBDCs.Whats you thought on it?

[2017-08-27] Popular Korean Stock Trading App Adding Cryptocurrency
Exchange

South Korea’s top mobile stock trading app is launching a cryptocurrency exchange for bitcoin and
ether. Kakao Stock is based on Kakao Talk, the country’s most popular smartphone messenger app
with over 200 million users worldwide. Kakao Talk is installed on over 95% of smartphones in South
Korea.Kakao Talk-Based Cryptocurrency ExchangeKakao Stock is South Korea’s top mobile stock
trading app, which is based on the country’s most popular smartphone messenger app, Kakao Talk.
It was established in February 2014 by fintech company Dunamu Inc. The company reportedly
announced on Friday that it is launching a cryptocurrency exchange, according to local
publications.Kakao Talk-Based Stock Trading App Adding Cryptocurrency ExchangeKakao Stock
provides real-time stock quotes and stock trading capabilities that are linked to Kakao Talk. Users
buying and trading stocks within the app are connected directly to securities companies in Korea as
well as overseas. “Kakao Stock allows its users to conduct transactions without paying additional
transaction fees besides the existing trading firm transaction fee,” the company detailed.The
upcoming cryptocurrency exchange will be offered through the app only, and will handle a number
of widely-traded coins including bitcoin and ether. The company has been building the exchange
since June, according to Etoday.Kakao Stock’s Growing User BaseKakao Stock has achieved an
average monthly user base of 310,000 active users and an average monthly transaction value of 1.2
trillion won (approximately $1.1 billion) since the service launched. The app has surpassed 1.6
million cumulative downloads and has an aggregate turnover of 20 trillion won as of June this
year.The company has established partnerships with a number of top Korean trading firms, including
Mirae Asset Global Investments, Kiwoom Securities, Eugene Investment & Securities, Korea
Investment & Securities, IBK Securities, KB Securities, Creon by Daishin Securities, NH Investment
& Securities, Samsung Securities, and Shinhan Investment Corp.Source:
https://news.bitcoin.com/kakao-talk-stock-trading-app-cryptocurrency-exchange/

[2017-08-26] Next Step In Analytical Evolution Based Upon Hybrid
Intelligence

Computers have helped revolutionize the realm of international finance, especially with the
increasing use of artificial intelligence in creating algorithms to analyze and predict trends in the
marketplace.Yet a new and massive change is coming to the financial world in the form of
Cindicator, which takes the logical and computing power of AI and merges it with the collective
intelligence and experience of human beings. The Cindicator project is a decentralized ecosystem
that uses this hybrid intelligence to allow for more efficient asset management in making decisions in
the face of the cloud of uncertainty that permeates the new economy. Unlike other financial
applications, Cindicator uses its powerful engine to provide up-to-date analytics, opportunities, and
trends in many different areas: finance, art, politics, technology, and even sports.The full article:
https://coinidol.com/cindicator-analytical-evolution-with-hybrid-intelligence/

[2018-03-13] First ICO to Sponsor EPL Matches

Gold-Backed Cryptocurrency Puregold.io First ICO to Sponsor EPL Matches with Partner
Blockchain-Powered Sports and Entertainment Platform Jetcoin
Institutehttps://bitcoingarden.org/gold-backed-cryptocurrency-puregold-io-first-ico-to-sponsor-epl...P
uregold.io is the first Initial Coin Offering (ICO) to sponsor a European Premier League (EPL) match
with partner and blockchain-powered sports and entertainment platform Jetcoin Institute. This marks
six new games (previously Puregold sponsored three games) with expanded visibility of 300M and
worldwide. Puregold.io offers the first payment gateway using cryptocurrency supported by
gold.With its sporting events watched and loved by millions of fans around the world, the EPL is the
highest grossing among all European football leagues with earnings of around 6 billion euros during
the 2016-17 season. Total aggregate match day attendance reaches 13.62 million and a global TV
audience of 12 million per game....

[2016-01-19] WayForPay + Ekipazh-Service: Order food for bitcoins

WayForPay + Ekipazh-Service: Order food for bitcoinsWayForPay payment engine has launched
cryptocurrency transactions option to let Ukrainian webstores accept
bitcoin.http://www.coinfox.info/news/4467-wayforpay-order-food-for-bitcoins

[2016-01-18] Mike Hearn: Bitcoin Farewell Post Was No 'Banker
Conspiracy'

Former bitcoin core developer Mike Hearn has issued a follow-up post in response to his
controversial farewell letter to the industry.Issued last week and widely regurgitated in the media,
Hearn’s declaration that the bitcoin project had “failed” drew massive, and mostly negative,
attention, due to its implications for an important and long-standing industry debate.As a result, it
wasn’t long before theories emerged suggesting that the post and its media placement may have
been encouraged by his new firm R3CEV, the secretive startup working to build distributed ledger
technology with 40-plus banks and for which Hearn serves as chief platform officer.In his latest
Medium post, Hearn took aim at these assertions, noting that his work with R3 had already been
announced and stating his belief that bitcoin and his new firm are not in competition.Hearn wrote:
Quote"R3 is not a bitcoin company, or even a cryptocurrency company, and there is no 'BankCoin'
or 'R3Coin'. So this is really nothing to do with them and conspiracy theories are just a waste of time
when there are more serious issues to consider. Read more :
http://www.coindesk.com/mike-hearn-bitcoin-post-banker-conspiracy/

[2017-12-04] Is Bitcoin Diamond a Better Bitcoin?

This is a good instance of an article that might be paid for by the team of the cryptocoin being
advertised. We all know that all of the forks of bitcoin will either be done by scammers to find a way
to make a quick buck, or it is politically motivated.In any case, scamming by forking bitcoin is easier
to do than organizing an ICO. Whether or not Bitcoin Diamond is a better Bitcoin, depends on who
you ask. In recent days, there have been hard forks that have led to the emergence of Bitcoin Cash,
Bitcoin Gold and now Bitcoin Diamond. The idea behind a hard fork is that a new chain emerges,
and hopefully a better one. The stated and ultimate aim of Bitcoin Diamond is to become “the better
coin,” which does not suffer from a lack of privacy protection, slow transaction confirmations or a
high threshold for new members. This will allow them to provide better solutions to financial
companies worldwide.The total supply of Bitcoin Diamond would be 210 mln or 10 times more than
that of Bitcoin. 170 mln of these coins would be on the market, while the rest would be reserved for
the community in a ‘rewards pool’ for the purposes of tributes and mining. One of the criticisms that
has been made about Bitcoin Diamond was that the teams behind the cryptocurrency have
remained anonymous, but we should not forget that to date the founder of Bitcoin has remained an
enigma as well. Anonymity should not come in the way of adoption and at the end of the day
markets will reveal if Bitcoin Diamond offers features that they think are worth their while. For now,
you can pick the Bitcoin that you like.Read if you are interested
https://cointelegraph.com/news/is-bitcoin-diamond-a-better-bitcoin

[2018-09-02] Increase in the 50 percent energy rate for Crypto Miners

Increase in the 50 percent energy rate for Crypto MinersA new progressive augment of up to 50%
for crypto miners is approved in the central state of Washington. The first year of 15%, the next 35%
and the third 50%.https://news.bitcoin.com/energy-rate-hike-crypto-miners-washington-state/

[2016-03-29] Coinkite Shuts Down Bitcoin Web Wallet Service 

Coinkite, a leading bitcoin platform headquartered in Canada, has announced that it is moving into
next phase and winding down its web wallet to focus on more decentralized and embodied
hardware products.“We’re still big Bitcoin fans, supporters and Hodlrs, and although Coinkite has
been great adventure in the SaaS business, we want to spend more time where our heart is,
hardware products, software-”not-as-a-service”, and other exciting new possibilities”, the company
said in a blog post.Listing various reasons behind this decision, Coinkite said that it has been under
DDoS attacks since the very first month of its launch. Also, it had to shell out real fiat dollars to
defend its customers from their governments.There will be no changes in the operations of Coinkite,
with the difference that no new user sign-ups will be accepted and no new API keys will be
distributed. After 14 days, Coinkite said that Tor access will end, API will be disabled, refund will be
provided for prorated balances for annual pre-paid plans, users will be encouraged to withdraw
balances on login, new receive requests will be prevented and zero balance accounts will be
automatically
closed.http://www.econotimes.com/Coinkite-Shuts-Down-Bitcoin-Web-Wallet-Service-185492

[2017-12-03] $11,874: Bitcoin Price Achieves New All-Time High, But It is
Only..

$11,874: Bitcoin Price Achieves New All-Time High, But It is Only the BeginningEarlier today, on
December 3, the bitcoin price achieved a new all-time high at $11,874, for the third time this week,
after its full recovery from the previous major price correction.Analyst: Bitcoin’s $10,000 Doesn’t
Reflect its True ValueMiguel Cuneta, the co-founder at Satoshi Citadel, a major

cryptocurrency-focused investment firm in the Philippines which operates some of the country’s
largest bitcoin brokerates and remittance apps such as BuyBitcoin and Rebit, stated that the
$10,000 hype was generated by the media earlier this month. Moments after the bitcoin price
surpassed $11,000, it dropped to $9,000, and almost immediately after, the mainstream media was
eager to publish a series of articles on the next bitcoin crash.“News outlets haven’t even had 24
hours to let the ‘10k’ news simmer and it already went up to $11,500. By the time they published the
‘11K’ piece, it already dropped to $9,000. As soon as they entered the last word on their ‘Bitcoin is
crashing!’ article, it’s back at $11,000 per BTC,” wrote Cuneta.With the price of bitcoin nearly at
$12,000, bitcoin is now the world’s sixth most valuable circulating currency in the world, within eight
years since its launch in 2009. Hence, while the majority of mainstream media outlets and analysts
in the traditional finance sector are fixated on the short-term price trend of bitcoin, Cuneta explained
that bitcoin will likely become much larger than most can imagine, as it goes about separating
money and state.“So, we could be watching one of the biggest financial bubbles in history unfold
with this cryptocurrency mania. Yet on the other side of the coin, there is also the non-trivial
possibility that we are witnessing something remarkable happening before our very eyes — the
return of the separation of cash and state,” Cuneta noted.Currently, bitcoin is a robust store of value
and an alternative to traditional assets like gold. But, with efficient scaling and widespread adoption,
in the upcoming years, bitcoin will likely compete against reserve currencies and government-issued
money.Long-Term Future Beyond $12,000Bitcoin has surpassed the $11,000 mark and is expected
to surpass $12,000 within December, given the entrance of institutional investors and tens of billions
of dollars in capital. As institutional money flows into the bitcoin market through bitcoin futures, the
$165 billion market cap of bitcoin will increase rapidly, providing more liquidity.The network effect of
bitcoin and the dominance of the cryptocurrency will continue to attract more investors in the global
finance market to bitcoin. As Cuneta added:“Over one third of a trillion dollars. That’s the total
amount of cryptocurrencies in the world. $165 Billion belongs to Bitcoin alone, which just shows how
dominant network effects can be. Because of Bitcoin technology, the power to create money was
granted to every human being on earth and taken away from kings, oligarchs, and governments.”For
this particular reason, several respected investors within the cryptocurrency space have expressed
their optimism towards bitcoin price reaching $45,000 by the end of 2018, achieving a $1 trillion
market cap.Source:
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/11874-bitcoin-price-achieves-new-time-high-beginning/

[2017-02-24] The Recently Discovered Cloudflare Bug Could Affect Bitcoin
Users

On February 17 an individual had discovered a bug with the Cloudflare infrastructure, a company
that many bitcoin companies use for DoS protection and other services. The severity of the bug is
considered very bad, and security credentials for many bitcoin accounts should be changed.The
leak could possibly lead to people’s accounts being compromised on many bitcoin websites and
services. Bitcoin websites that could be affected include Coinbase, Localbitcoins, Poloniex, Kraken,
Bitfinex, Bittrex, Bitstamp, Reddit, and many more. Many people in the bitcoin community are
warning others to reset their 2FAs and change passwords immediately. Alongside this, bitcoin
companies who may have been affected are also warning customers to take the necessary
precautions.Read more here:  https://news.bitcoin.com/cloudflare-bug-could-affect-bitcoin-users/

[2017-12-02] Nobel Prize-Winning Economist Says Bitcoin Should be
‘Outlawed’

Nobel Prize-Winning Economist Says Bitcoin Should be ‘Outlawed’Joseph Stiglitz, Nobel
Prize-winning economist, has made the claim that bitcoin ‘ought to be outlawed,’ at a time when the
digital currency is experiencing record highs.In a Bloomberg Television interview, the 74-year-old

American economist and professor at Colombia University, said:    "It seems to me it ought to be
outlawed. It doesn’t serve any socially useful function.His comments come at a time when bitcoin is
continuing to surpass expectations from all sides. Just yesterday, it was reported that the digital
currency has passed the historic $10,000 milestone and today it went even higher to reach over
$11,000 for the first time, pushing its market total to $185 billion.Yet, despite these record
achievements, Stiglitz is of the opinion that the only reason the digital currency is doing so well is
down to the fact that it has the ‘potential for circumvention, lack of oversight.’He added that:    "It’s a
bubble that’s going to give a lot of people a lot of exciting times as it rides up and then goes
down.Stiglitz has, in the past, expressed his views about the digital currency, stating in 2016 that the
U.S. government had ‘shut down‘ bitcoin. At the time, he said:    "The main use of bitcoin has been
to circumvent tax authorities and regulation. I think the U.S. government did the right of thing of
shutting or trying to shut it down and I think effectively…it has done that.Interestingly, since then his
outlook toward the crypto market has somewhat shifted, if only slightly. In January, while speaking at
the World Economic Forum’s Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland, he said that the U.S. should
phase out fiat currency and move toward the use of digital currencies.The topic of discussion at the
time focused on the issue of corruption, tax evasion and tax avoidance. According to Stiglitz, the
phasing out of money and introducing digital currency has ‘benefits that outweigh the cost,’ in the
long term.Harvard professor and economist Kenneth Rogoff has also said that cash provided the
ideal avenue for tax evasion, and that the time was now to reduce fiat money.No doubt Stiglitz’s
most recent comments will raise a few eyebrows, and is unlikely to go down well bitcoin enthusiasts;
however, given the upward trajectory that the digital currency is currently on, it’s not likely that it will
have much impact on where the market is heading.Source:
https://www.instagram.com/p/BcGFXl3AkCC/?taken-by=bloombergbusinessSource:
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/nobel-prize-winning-economist-bitcoin-should-be-outlawed/

[2016-03-28] Bitcoin Crushes Bank Fees in Emerging Economies

Developed markets make up only 43 percent of global gross domestic product and are generally not
required to hold much foreign exchange reserves, yet they have been able to issue 87.5 percent of
the world’s bonds. It is emerging market central banks that buy 80 percent of those bonds as foreign
exchange reserves to gain market credibility.Because of financial immaturity, emerging market
banks can charge huge fees, and — except for a small band of powerful elites — offer little local
access to capital. The general population and the small local merchants remain largely unbanked or
underbanked.http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/03/27/bitcoin-is-crushing-bank-fees-in-
emerging-economies/

[2016-05-29] The price of bitcoin hits $525 after boom on Chinese market

The price of bitcoin hits $525 after boom on Chinese marketThe price of digital currency hit a new
18 months’ record this Sunday. Thanks to the growing volume of trade, it climbed up to $525 in the
afternoon.http://www.coinfox.info/news/5593-the-price-of-bitcoin-hits-525-after-boom-on-chinese-ma
rket

[2018-08-22] Bitcoin Technical Sign Suggests Selloff May Be Almost Over

There's been a lot of FUD in the news lately but this shows there's more life in Bitcoin than people
think:https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-08-22/bitcoin-technical-sign-suggests-selloff-m
ay-be-almost-over

[2018-03-10] - China PBoC Head Says "Bitcoin ‘Not Accepted’ As
Payment"

https://cointelegraph.com/news/china-pboc-head-says-digital-currency-inevitable-bitcoin-not-accepte
d-as-paymentGovernor of the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), Zhou Xiaochuan, said in a press
conference that authorities are not rushing to issue a national digital currency and still do not
recognize Bitcoin as a legitimate payment method, reports China Daily on March 9.Zhou expressed
the PBoC’s position frankly:“We do not currently recognize Bitcoin and other digital currencies as a
tool like paper money, coins and credit cards for retail payments. The banking system does not
accept it.”Such decisions by authorities still cause the crypto growths lack back? Will this affect the
cryto values growth?

[2016-05-29] Amidst bitcoin boom, Russia plans its own cryptocurrency

Amidst bitcoin boom, Russia plans its own cryptocurrencyRussian media recently revealed plans to
create a national cryptocurrency to be used alongside the ruble. The Federal Financial Monitoring
Service's (Rosfinmonitoring), released the plan to TV stations and newspapers across the
country.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/amidst-bitcoin-boom-russia-plans-its-own-cryptocurrency-ban
ning-all-others/

[2016-08-15]World Economic Forum publishes blockchain report

World Economic Forum publishes blockchain reportBlockchain is an important innovative technology
for financial infrastructure development that can disrupt existing business models, financial and
technology experts
say.http://www.coinfox.info/news/6182-world-economic-forum-publishes-blockchain-report

[2017-02-15] DCEBrief - Vienna Home to First Dedicated Bitcoin Bank

Vienna Home to First Dedicated Bitcoin
Bankhttps://dcebrief.com/vienna-home-to-first-dedicated-bitcoin-bank/

[2018-01-19] Bitconnect Ponzi Scheme - No Sympathy From Crypto
Community

Bitconnect Ponzi Scheme - No Sympathy From Crypto CommunityWhat looked too good to be true
ended up being just that, as Bitconnect has all but closed its doors.Long accused of being a
Ponzi-scheme, Bitconnect shut down its cryptocurrency exchange and lending service this week. As
stated on their website, Bitconnect had received cease and desist letters from two American
securities regulators - leading to the closure of their lending and exchange platforms. Still,
Bitconnect will continue to run its website and wallet service.Sketchy ‘Ponzi’ offeringsSince its
inception in January 2017, many were skeptical about Bitconnect services. In essence, one needed
to send Bitconnect Bitcoin in exchange for Bitconnect Coin (BCC) on their exchange.Once you had
BCC, you were guaranteed “up to 120 percent return per year.” Users were told they were earning
interest by holding their coin “for helping maintain the security of the network.” Source:
Bitconnect.coLending platformBitconnect’s lending platform is what really led to accusations of a
Ponzi scheme, as well as cease and desist orders from regulators. Source: Bitconnect.coAs the
above illustration explains, users bought BCC with Bitcoin and then lent out their BCC on the
Bitconnect lending software.Users would receive varying percentages of interest depending on the

amount of BCC they had lent. Source: Bitconnect.coAdd in the referral system seen in many other
Ponzi schemes and the fact that the operation was run anonymously; it's hardly surprising that this
whole endeavor has ended in tears.The lending scheme was the main draw card of Bitconnect
because of its huge promise of returns. In order to participate in the scheme, you had to buy BCC -
which saw the token hit an all-time high of $437.31 per BCC before it plummeted in value following
the closure this week.That being said, the cryptocurrency is still alive and trading at around $35 at
the time of writing.Social media burns BitconnectFollowing Bitconnect’s closure, social media was
abuzz with sentiments of ‘I told you so.’TenX co-founder Julian Hosp highlighted the fact that BCC
was still trading as a real head-scratcher.    Everything that's wrong with crypto in one picture!
#bitconnect #scam #ponzi #cryptocurrencies #bubble pic.twitter.com/t5o9Nm1rZ4    — Dr. Julian
Hosp (@julianhosp) January 18, 2018Francis Pouliot shared a hilarious video of a Bitconnect meet
which had been slightly dubbed over.    People invested billions of dollars in this    (This video is
actually hilarious recommended for memephiles) https://t.co/Jpb8xpJsx7    — Francis Pouliot
(@francispouliot_) January 17, 2018American cartoonist Spike Trotman shared one of the most
entertaining and eerily accurate predictions back in September 2017, postulating that Bitconnect
was indeed a Ponzi scheme.Her latest tweet is a screenshot of the Bitconnect Reddit page, with
subreddits for a suicide hotline as well as a massive legal action megathread. Do yourself a favor
and take a look at Iron Spike’s full threat on Bitconnect - it’s brilliant.    The current state of the
Bitconnect subreddit is truly a thing to behold. https://t.co/QoGgUiE0XM    — Iron Spike
(@Iron_Spike) January 19, 2018Rodolfo Novak shared a photo of the monumental collapse in price
of Bitconnect from Coinmarketcap, highlight the moment the Ponzi scheme hits ‘exit time.’    This is
what a real ponzi looks like at the scam exit time. #BitConnect #BCC pic.twitter.com/2oAlaDMJtZ   
— Rodolfo Novak (@nvk) January 17, 2018Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitconnect-ponzi-scheme-no-sympathy-from-crypto-community

[2016-05-28]  Is a Blockchain a Blockchain if it Isn’t? 

Anyone who has heard of Bitcoin knows that it is built on a mechanism called The Blockchain. Most
of us who follow the topic are also aware that Bitcoin and the blockchain were
unveiled—together—in a whitepaper by a mysterious developer, under the pseudonym Satoshi
Nakamoto.That was eight years ago. Bitcoin is still the granddaddy of all blockchain-based
networks, and most of the others deal with alternate payment coins of one type or another. Since
Bitcoin is king, the others are collectively referred to as ‘Altcoins’.But the blockchain can power so
much more than coins and payments. And so—as you might expect—investors are paying lots of
attention to blockchain startups or blockchain integration into existing services. Not just for
payments, but for everything under the sun.Think of Bitcoin as a product and the blockchain as a
clever network architecture that enables Bitcoin and a great many future products and institutions to
do more things—or to do these things better, cheaper, more robust and more blockchain-01secure
than products and institutions built upon legacy
architectures.http://lifeboat.com/blog/2016/05/is-a-blockchain-a-blockchain-if-it-isnt

[2018-08-25] World Bank Unpacks Launch of ‘BONDI’ Bond With
Australia’s CBA

Banking on Blockchain: World Bank Unpacks Launch of ‘BONDI’ Bond With Australia’s CBAIt’s
been close to 10 years since Bitcoin came into existence, and in that time, major financial
institutions have slowly come to grips with blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies.Some have
taken to the industry quicker than others, and some have outright turned their backs on the thought
of using or investing in cryptocurrencies.However, the technology underpinning these decentralized
digital currencies has been a major focal point, mainly in terms of how it can be used by traditional
banking and financial institutions.A number of big name financial companies have actively

developed blockchain-based systems used for different operations. JPMorgan’s Quorum platform
runs on the Ethereum blockchain and allows enterprises to process private transactions within a
select group of participants.While that project has garnered plenty of attention from mainstream
media, the applications of distributed ledger technology stretches across multiple industries. Thus
Morgan Stanley has leveraged blockchain technology to process transactions and backup internal
data. The benefits of the technology have also been used by global auditing firms like PwC, Deloitte
and KPMG.In August, the World Bank announced that it was launching the first-ever
blockchain-based bond, through the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA). The project is called
‘Bondi’ (Blockchain Operated New Debt Instrument), which could also refer to the world-renowned
Bondi Beach in Sydney.The bond has now been officially issued and the $73 million deal sees
two-year contracts that will settle on Aug. 28. The CBA says the deal will yield a 2.2 percent
return.The move is the latest and most significant by a global banking company, as it marks a shift
toward the use and understanding of the possibilities of blockchain systems.    In an exclusive
interview with Cointelegraph, the World Bank’s Paul Snaith, who is head of treasury operations,
capital markets banking and payments, gave an inside look at the path taken to leverage blockchain
technology at the institution, as well as the World Bank’s thoughts on cryptocurrencies:Why
blockchain, why Commonwealth Bank of Australia?Cointelegraph: How long has this
blockchain-based bond has been in development and why the Commonwealth Bank of Australia in
particular was chosen to develop this platform?Paul Snaith: We began considering that in August
2017, and after a while, we established the formal arrangement with CBA in January 2018.There are
three areas that are significant. On the first level, there is a very positive environment nurturing
blockchain fintech. We think all levels of the Australian government are interested in all these
technologies, and we think the regulators there are interested in what’s going on.I think the example
we used is that Australia’s stock exchange chose individual asset holdings to replace their equity
settlement system in 2016. In a significant market like Australia, the equity settlement system and
major market infrastructure is a powerful indication of understanding the benefits of the technology
and governmental support — that’s at the governmental regulatory level.CBA, they are innovative.
We’ve worked with them for a very long time. We were aware of their prototype transactions, which
they’ve been doing since January 2017. <...> We are aware that they’ve got a significant corporate
commitment to innovation and that they understand this kind of technology is both a threat and
opportunity in every line of business that they have. That’s why they have the innovation lab in Hong
Kong, one in Sydney and one in London. We recognize them as innovative.Lastly, the market: The
World Bank has been issuing debt in Australia for a long time. We’ve been reactive to the Australian
market and investors are familiar with our name. It’s a very convenient place for us to do business.
Whether at the regulatory level, the innovation level or the market level where our name is used, it’s
positive all round.Cointelegraph: Was there any other country that you might have considered or any
other field that you might have considered in order to move this project forward?PS: We had quite a
few preliminary conversations with various technology firms in the second half of 2017, but none
quite resonated in the complete sense that I’ve given you for Australia. We use the term ‘contained’
— its the most contained-based market with positive views in regard to our partner, with innovation
and regulation.World Bank and cryptocurrenciesPS: The bank is considering developing an official
line in that regard, and we do not have one at this time. But within that context, we have been
having internal conversations about that.    The key thing is with cryptocurrencies that are using
proof-of-work, and therefore considerable power and energy use in establishing consensus — we
are primarily a development agency and we care deeply about development issues — including
carbon dioxide emissions and power generation, which contributes to global warming, and so
on.We’re a little discomforted by the power usage associated with proof-of-work, for example. We
are an official organization owned by over 190 countries, so AML and CFTC rules are very important
for us, and there are still concerns about AML and CFTC with the use of crypto. And we think it’s
important that we don’t associate with that until we have a clear framework to do so. Those are
some of the reasons why we would not do that at the moment.    We did look at using a crypto token
for the settlement on this bond transaction — but chose not to — primarily to de-risk the transaction
a little bit to enable familiarity for all our investors with regard to the cash side of the

transactions.Getting investors to come into a significantly large transaction like this means us giving
them comfort. They are certainly comforted by our name: We operate in a massive market and we
are AAA rated. But there’s new technology underpinning it, so it's important that we de-risk the
transaction on the cash settlement portion.We are very, very interested in how that side of the
equation will develop and we will continue looking at that. We have no generic opposition to what I
have described. We grouped these technologies both on the transfer of securities on a register and
the exchange of ownership of the cash piece, so both of those problems are going to be solved in
the long run, which will reform these markets and make them so much faster.Blockchain-based
bonds and the banking sectorPS: We are a big name in this market and we hope it’s going to catch
attention. I think you are already aware of large players in international markets that are already
doing some activities and exploration. We mentioned Australia’s stock exchange, which is
fundamental — we have not seen big infrastructure projects in other areas yet, but there’s a lot of
research being done in places like Singapore, Canada and elsewhere. We hope this is going to give
a nudge in that direction.Lastly, we are primarily a development organization. This transaction really
helps us learn. We’ve always been innovative in the capital markets. We hope to deepen our
understanding of the impact of this technology in the capital markets, and we certainly look forward
to doing exploration with regard to other means of moving value. We think there is considerable
promise for these technologies to help that part of the world which is presently unbanked or has little
access to financial services.We’ve got a deep interest in seeing how these technologies can be
applied for the benefit of the poorest in the world, and that’s a major focus as an institution.Source:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/banking-on-blockchain-world-bank-unpacks-launch-of-bondi-bond-wi
th-australias-cba

[2016-03-25] Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis For 03/25/2016 – Break
Near?

Bitcoin Price Technical Analysis For 03/25/2016 – Break Near? 
the bullish zone, and rebounded successfully after a minor dip towards the $413-412 support area.
BTC/USD is currently attempting to break a bearish trend line on the hourly chart (data feed from
Bitstamp). A break above the trend line and resistance area might set BTC for more gains against
…http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/03/25/bitcoin-price-technical-analysis-03252016-break-near/

 Key Points Bitcoin price stayed in

[2017-08-17] Crazy ICO investor threatens to kill all at 8btc

Last Month, a cryptocurrency investor who couldn’t handle sudden wealth was sent to a mental
hospital. His wife says he is possessed by evil and left him. This Tuesday, when a new coin BTM
was listed on exchanges, a person posted that he spent all of his assets on BTM and promised to
kill the CEO and the rest of them at 8btc if BTM disappointed him.Sick!
http://news.8btc.com/an-ico-investor-threatens-to-kill-all-of-us-at-8btc

[2017-02-17]Germany’s Largest Financial News Platform Lists Bitcoin as
Major 

Germany’s Largest Financial News Platform Lists Bitcoin as Major CurrencyFinanzen.net,
Germany’s most popular and largest financial news network and platform, is listing bitcoin amongst
other major reserve currencies such as US Dollar, Japanese Yen and Chinese yuan on the
company’s “most important exchange rates” section.The list contains rates of 7 major reserve
currencies which Finanzen.net consider operate as the basis of the global economy. Listing of
bitcoin on the exchange rates section implies that Finanzen.net, a key player within the German
financial and media industries, considers bitcoin as one of the most important currencies in the

 
world.In its widely-utilized currency converter and rates ticker platform, Finanzen.net also provides
native support for bitcoin, demonstrating year-long charts of bitcoin price and listing the digital
currency among all of the reserve currencies listed by the company.Over the past few months,
Finanzen.net consistently broadcasted and reported bitcoin-related news to its nationwide audience
and readers in Germany. Earlier this year, Finanzen.net published an article entitled “Digital
Currency Bitcoin Outperforms Every Currency in 2016,” which attracted interests and likes of the
general population of Germay.Earlier this month, Finanzen.net also released a collaborative piece
entitled “HSH Nordbank: Focus on Bitcoin,” partnering with the multi-billion bank to provide an
in-depth article on the infrastructure of bitcoin, user base of the digital currency, trading activity in
different regions and most importantly, the potential of bitcoin.Besides the German mainstream
media, other mainstream media outlets in Europe including Switzerland’s largest news network
Neue Zürcher Zeitung have been providing accurate report and coverage on bitcoin as well,
introducing the digital currency to the general population that most likely have not come across
bitcoin in the past.Consistent coverage and accurate portrayal of bitcoin as a decentralized digital
currency and a legitimate store of value by mainstream media outlets including Finanzen.net and
Neue Zürcher Zeitung will significantly increase mainstream adoption of bitcoin and allow the digital
currency to embraced by millions of users that are yet to discover and understand an alternative
financial system to that of conventional banking and
finance.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/germanys-largest-financial-news-platform-lists-bitcoin-maj
or-currency/

[2018-03-08] Ex-Trump Adviser Says Cryptocurrency Will Bring 'True
Freedom'

Steve Bannon, the former aide to President Donald Trump and a firebrand of right-wing populist
movements, is now touting the liberating potential of cryptocurrency and blockchain
technology.Bannon alluded to both the financial and nonfinancial applications of blockchain, such as
for managing personal data, on Tuesday at an event in Zurich sponsored by the Swiss newspaper
Die Weltwoche.During his lecture, part of a European speaking tour, he described cryptocurrency
and blockchain technology as the "very heart" of a populist movement in Switzerland.The former
head of right-wing media outlet Breitbart, who helped Trump win the presidency in 2016 as the
campaign's chief strategist, lauded the importance of decentralization when he said:      "Central
banks are in the business of debasing your currency. Central governments are in the business of
debasing your citizenship. The central technology conglomerates are in the business of debasing
your own personal sovereignty and your own personal data."Bannon, a former member of the
National Security Council, was dismissed from the White House in August 2017. During his brief
tenure often criticized "financial elites," including those in Wall Street and Silicon Valley.Now the
former media mogul is calling cryptocurrency a perfect tool to escape the control of such elites.
Bannon said:     "We take control of the central banks away. That will give us the power
again...Once you take control of your currency, once you take control of your data, once you take
control of your citizenship, that's when you're going to have true freedom."However, he went on to
say the best way to "break" what he described as the globalized culture of economic oppression is
with populist, nationalist movements like the one he popularized in the U.S.His political rallying cries
about cryptocurrency inspired resounding applause from the European
audience.https://www.coindesk.com/steve-bannon-crypto-revolution/

[2017-02-16] Coin Center Educates Capitol Hill about Bitcoin and
Blockchain

Coin Center, a non-profit cryptocurrency research and advocacy group based out of Washington DC
has been actively involved in educating the key members of the government about Bitcoin,

Ethereum and blockchain technology. The members of United States Congress are the latest ones
to benefit from the Coin Center’s
initiative.http://www.newsbtc.com/2017/02/16/coin-center-bitcoin-blockchain/I never heard this
non-profit organization before. But I think this is good for the bitcoin community. What can you say
about this?

[2016-05-26] BitcoinMagazine.com | IBM: Government and Blockchain
Sector Should 

IBM: Government and Blockchain Sector Should Work Together to Enhance National SecurityIBM
Vice President for Blockchain Technologies Jerry Cuomo recently testified before the Commission
on Enhancing National Cybersecurity on how the blockchain can benefit transactions, eWeek
reports...https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/ibm-government-and-blockchain-sector-should-work-to
gether-to-enhance-national-security-1464286565

[2016-03-23]Bitcoin 3.0 Tech BitShares Surges as OpenLedger Launches
World's Fir

Bitcoin 3.0 Tech BitShares Surges as OpenLedger Launches World's First Decentralized
Conglomerate Reports CCEDKBased on BitShares Bitcoin 3.0 technology, OpenLedger is pleased
to announce the world's first Decentralized Conglomerate: a platform which allows organizations to
invest in each other and share profits in a fully decentralized manner. Most recently launched BTSR
and OBITS tokens are defining their place as emerging ecosystems on the OpenLedger
platformhttp://www.bizjournals.com/prnewswire/press_releases/2016/03/23/NY48170

[2018-08-11]Market Survey: 41% of Americans Not Interested in Investing
in Crypt

Market Survey: 41% of Americans Not Interested in Investing in CryptoA recently conducted survey
by Harris Insights, an analytics firm, discovered that 41% of Americans aren’t interested in investing
in Cryptos such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple, as they believe that nothing could get them to
invest their income in the crypto market.Fortune indicated that the survey was entirely
commissioned by Crypto App, Gem, which was seeking to know what could influence investors into
the Crypto industry. While 41% rejected cryptocurrency, 50% indicated they would be willing and
able to invest.Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/market-survey-41-of-americans-not-interested-in-investing-in-crypto/

[2016-08-12]The August issue of Blockchain Boom is out!

The August issue of Blockchain Boom is out!Blockchain's triumphant march in UkraineThe story of
Ethereum twinsSteemit: how to capitalise on being hackedAlso, investment analytics, key trends
and economy overview - all important things in one place.[/list]http://blockchainboom.coinfox.info

[2018-08-14]Finnish Millionaire Falls Victim to $35M Bitcoin Gambling
Scam

Does your crypto portfolio look a little light recently? That’s naught compared to Aarni Otava
Saarimaa, a Finnish investor, who lost 5,500 Bitcoin ($35 million) to an investment scam in

2018.Otava was approached by a group of people who sought to link him up easily with some
profitable investments: shares some high-profile companies and a crypto known as
DragonCoin.Read the details in the article of Coinidol dot com, the world blockchain news outlet:
https://coinidol.com/finnish-millionaire-falls-victim-to-35m-bitcoin-gambling-scam/

[2018-03-06] Canadian Financial Regulator Warns Of Potential Scam,
Unregistered 

New Brunswick, Canada’s financial watchdog warned cryptocurrency investors of a potential scam
website Bitcoin-bank.io that claims to be a "cryptobank" in an investor alert published Monday, Feb.
5.According to the statement, the Financial and Consumer Services Commission (FCNB) started
investigating the company profile after Bitcoin-bank.io appeared in ads on a Canadian online
classified website. FCNB found that the company is neither registered  for trading in New Brunswick,
nor for advising on securities or derivatives, despite the fact that it claims to provide these services
in the
province.https://cointelegraph.com/news/canadian-financial-regulator-warns-of-potential-scam-unreg
istered-cryptobank-ico

[2016-03-23]Bitcoin flipping: Bitcoin has died 99 times —and keeps coming
back

Bitcoin is not the Terminator but it might as well be if we look at the overwhelmingly large number of
obituaries this cryptocurrency has attracted. Although Mike Hearn, a prominent bitcoin developer,
recently claimed that this digital currency is a failed experiment , it continues to resurrect after every
punch.After Mike Hearn publicly stated that bitcoin is a failed experiment many early adopters
rushed to create obituaries for this cryptocurrency —all 99 eulogies can be found on a website
called Bitcoin Obituaries. In short, the aim of this website is to list all the articles that have
announced (in different words) the death of this digital currency. Mike Hearn’s Medium article
occupies the 89th position, which means that bitcoin has died at least ten more times since
mid-January.https://jaxenter.com/bitcoin-flipping-bitcoin-died-99-times-keeps-coming-back-125022.h
tml

[2017-08-11] Nvidia CEO: Cryptocurrencies Are 'Here to Stay'

Nvidia CEO: Cryptocurrencies Are 'Here to Stay'Nvidia is riding high on the boom in cryptocurrency
mining, according to the graphics card (GPU) manufacturer.Revealed yesterday, the
California-based company's second-quarter earnings were up 56 percent year over year, with its
GPU division taking in $1.9 billion during the second quarter – a rise of 59 percent compared to the
same period in 2016.Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang struck a bullish tone about the prospects for
selling to would-be miners, telling VentureBeat:Quote"Cryptocurrency and blockchain are here to
stay. Over time, it will become quite large. It is very clear that new currencies will come to market.
It’s clear the GPU is fantastic at cryptography. The GPU is really quite well
positioned."https://www.coindesk.com/nvidia-ceo-cryptocurrencies-stay/

[2018-03-06] Wu-Tang Clan Rapper's Son Is Launching a Cryptocurrency

The son of Ol' Dirty Bastard, the late hip-hop artist and Wu-Tang Clan member who passed away in
2004, is launching a cryptocurrency.Young Dirty, real name Bar-Son James, is the face of the
appropriately named Dirty Coin, a cryptocurrency being produced in partnership between the estate

of Ol' Dirty and Link Media Partners, an entertainment industry firm. Dirty Coin (ticker symbol ODB)
will exist as a token on the TAO blockchain network, and is set to be traded on the AltMarket
exchange later this year when the coin goes live.It's a notable launch, given last year's spate of
celebrity-endorsed ICOs - and the subsequent warning from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission that such endorsements may break "anti-touting"
laws.https://www.coindesk.com/son-of-wu-tang-clan-rapper-is-launching-a-cryptocurrency/

[2016-01-15] CTUK:The Future of FinTech in the UK: Interview with
Richard Carter

The Westminster Business Forum took place at the Royal Society London on Wednesday 13th of
January past. The topic of the forum was the future of FinTech in the UK - competition, regulation
and opportunities for growth, with a focus on the future of the FinTech sector in the UK, and the
opportunities it presents for the future development and delivery of financial services.This
conference brought together policymakers and regulators with a wide range of stakeholders -
including banks, business lenders, payment service providers, technology providers, economic and
other experts, business groups and consumer bodies.On the agenda was assessing the next steps
arising from the Government Office for Science’s recently published review into the future of
FinTech, and an opportunity to consider the Financial Conduct Authority’s recently launched Project
Innovate.There was an impressive line-up of keynote speakers including Katharine Braddick,
Director of Financial Services (International and EU), HM Treasury and Bob Ferguson, Head of
Department, Project Innovate, Financial Conduct Authority. Giles Andrews, Chief Executive Officer
and Co-Founder, Zopa.Eileen Burbidge, Partner, Passion Capital and UK Government’s Special
Envoy for FinTech; Richard Carter, Chief Executive, Nostrum Group;  Tony Craddock, Director
General, Emerging Payments Association; Imran Gulamhuseinwala, Partner, FinTech-Strategy,
Ernst & Young; Angus McLean, Partner and Head of International FinTech Team, Simmons &
Simmons; Jeff Salway, Member, Financial Services Consumer Panel; Eddy Travia, Chief Executive
Officer and Co-Founder, Coinsilium; Professor Patrick Wolfe, Deputy Director of the Alan Turing
Institute and many more.I was fortunate enough to catch up with Richard Carter Chief Executive of
the Nostrum Group which is a provider of automated loan management software and processing to
the lending industry after he spoke at the forum for an
interview.http://cointelegraph.uk/news/116064/the-future-of-fintech-in-the-uk-interview-with-richard-c
arter-of-nostrum-group

[2017-11-28] After Mugabe, Zimbabwe Pushes Bitcoin to $17,875

The resignation of Robert Mugabe from President of Zimbabwe after four decades  appears to have
spurred its citizens even further into the waiting digital arms of the world’s most popular
cryptocurrency, bitcoin, and to a new global high of $17,875. After years of theory and debate, the
decentralized currency has its real-time case study as a refuge for those seeking to store their
wealth in a medium that will hold its value or better. Zimbabwe as a Bitcoin Case StudyA local
analyst noticed it “looks like people [of Zimbabwe] trust bitcoin more than anything else to maintain
the value of their money. That is what’s propelling the price.” Almost immediately after the new
President was sworn-in, Golix, a local exchange in Harare, showed bitcoin collecting a near twenty
percent premium, lifting it to almost a clean ten thousand dollars above then-traded prices outside of
the country.The struggling nation is beset by inflationary problems the likes of which haven’t been
seen since the Weimar Republic’s Reichmark days of the early 20th century.As at least part of the
reason why the Mugabe regime fell, former Minister of Finance, Ignatius Chombo was promptly
arrested and charged with corruption and abuse of power. As of this writing, his bail is being
reported as denied. International press outlets also report Mr. Chombo owns one hundred properties
throughout the country, though he has spent the better part of the last 20 years in various low-level

government agencies.The new President, Emmerson Mnangagwa, appointed previous Minister of
Cyber Security, Patrick Chinamasa, to act as Minister of Finance until a cabinet is in place.Crypto is
a Safe Haven from FiatAlthough its citizenry is smartly moving away from disastrous
government-issued money, that hasn’t stopped the same state agents from issuing baffling decrees.
As reported in these pages, the country’s Reserve Bank director announced recently, “In terms of
the bitcoin, as far as we are concerned, it is not actually legal … and until we have actually
established and come up with a legal and regulatory framework for them, it will not be allowed.”A
key aspect of cryptocurrencies is their permissionlessness. Bitcoin does not care whether it is
allowed or not.“For Zimbabweans,” Reuters reports. “the cryptocurrency seems to offer rare
protection from fears of a return to hyperinflation and financial implosion. On the streets of Harare,
black market rates for U.S. dollars continued to ease. It cost $140 using electronic bank transfer or
‘Zollars’ to buy $100,” down ten dollars from just a few days ago. “In the grip of acute shortages of
U.S. dollars, Zimbabweans are piling into anything they think might retain
value.”https://news.bitcoin.com/after-mugabe-zimbabwe-pushes-bitcoin-to-17875/

[2016-08-11]Bitcoin Remittance Startup Launches Bitwala Messenger

Bitcoin Remittance Startup Launches Bitwala MessengerInnovation is a driving factor in the world of
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency. Bitwala, a company, focusing on sending money quickly and safely by
using the Bitcoin network, has introduced their new messenger feature. By using the Bitwala
Messenger, platform users can send each other funds by just typing a regular command in the
conversation. Sending money through a communication protocol is nothing new under the sun.
Various Fintech companies are working on building banking platforms on top of Facebook
Messenger...http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/08/10/bitcoin-remittance-startup-launches-bitwala-mess
enger/

[2016-05-25] CD: Blockchain Startup Develops Identity App with Major
Airline IT 

Blockchain Startup Develops Identity App with Major Airline IT FirmBlockchain startup ShoCard has
developed a proof-of-concept focused on digital identity in partnership with a major IT firm that
works with the airline industry.SITA, founded in the late 1940s, provides IT and communication
services to the global airline industry, and is owned by a broad network of major air travel service
providers, accounting for roughly 90% of all airlines.The identity app, dubbed the SITA Digital
Traveler Identity App, was formally unveiled today during the Air Transport IT Summit industry
conference, held in Barcelona, Spain.Using a blend of blockchain-based data and facial recognition
techniques, the app is aimed at both streamlining how airlines verify passenger identities as well as
facilitating real-time data flows at the airport.With the app, a passenger uploads their travel
documents, which are then encrypted and hashed on the bitcoin
blockchainhttp://www.coindesk.com/blockchain-identity-airline-it-provider/Finally on the public
blockchain.

[2016-05-25] Coinbase Co-Founder: Ethereum Could ‘Blow Past’ Bitcoin

Coinbase Co-Founder: Ethereum Could ‘Blow Past’ BitcoinIn a sweeping, 2,500-word blog post
today, Fred Ehrsam, the co-founder of one of the best funded blockchain startups, Coinbase, took
aim at what he called a "stagnant" bitcoin community that he characterized as being outperformed
by innovators working on the Ethereum
network.http://www.coindesk.com/coinbase-co-founder-ethereum-blow-past-bitcoin/

MOVED: [2017/02/07] Chicago Suburb To Sell $10,000 in Bitcoins Seized
From Criminals

This topic has been moved to Trashcan.https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1782157.0Duplicate
of: bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1781833

[2016-01-14] A Payment Processor’s Perspective: Interview with Moneris

Bitcoin is evolving rapidly on a global scale as one of most important financial technologies of the
century. Many businesses have decided to integrate Bitcoin, yet many continue to not accept it. I
have covered the issue of Bitcoin adoption in-depth in my Bitcoin in Business
series.http://bitcoinist.net/moneris/

[2018-03-02] Bank of England head 'Bitcoin is for fools'

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/money/markets/article-5455703/Bitcoin-fools-says-BoE-governor-Mark-C
arney.htmlAnother classic from Mark Carney. Now what's interesting about this is the comments.
Commenters do like being arch anyway, but there's barely a negative comment regarding BTC in
there. Unimaginable a few years ago. These banking types really are doing a wonderful job of
Streisand Effecting crypto. Keep it up, boys. 

[2018-02-28] Is Bitcoin The New Gold?

Is Bitcoin The New Gold?Bitcoin’s role as the new gold – a safe haven for investors – continues to
hold merit.A correlation emerged between gold and cryptocurrency prices late last year as investors
began trading gold for bitcoin. Analysts expect the trend to continue, despite the recent decline in
bitcoin’s price.Precious Metal Capital Diverts To BitcoinThomson Reuters analysts, in their 2017
Gold Survey released in January, noted the rising cryptocurrency prices in December diverted
significant amounts of capital from precious metals. The report said retail investors have a shorter
investment horizon nowadays, and many were unable to resist the temptation to get on board with
cryptocurrency.Christopher Louney, RBC Capital Markets strategist, said the development – a
potential correlation between gold’s value and cryptocurrency prices – is fairly recent, reports
Fortune. He said he has noticed a potential correlation between gold’s value and cryptocurrency
prices.While there was no relationship previously, Louney said the trend emerged late in 2017 and
continued into early 2018—indicating that as bitcoin’s price soared in quadruple digits, investors
could have been offloading gold to buy cryptocurrencies.Louney stressed the correlation is
minor—not enough to move gold prices, and not enough to say that investors are presently
considering bitcoin as gold’s replacement. The macroeconomic factors that have traditionally
impacted gold prices continue to dominate the playing field, such as stock market
performance.Louney said he expects gold prices to end the year lower than they started, around
$1,303 on average for the year, mainly due to rising equity returns.A Long Road AheadBitcoin,
besides being volatile, is still a relatively unknown asset compared to other investment assets. Gold,
by comparison, is well established with institutional investors and has plenty of liquidity.While bitcoin
trading volumes totaled to just over $3 billion in daily trading recently, gold trading volumes hit $250
billion a day, according to the World Gold Council.The bitcoin-gold correlation could increase over
time, said Looney. The evolving relationship also means the converse could occur, whereby bitcoin
investors cash in their cryptocurrency in hard times for gold as a less volatile asset.In a report sent
to the bank’s clients in January, Goldman Sachs analyst Zach Pandl wrote that the rapid increase in
demand for bitcoin has been triggered by the growing dissatisfaction with regulated monetary

systems and the current banking infrastructures.In the long-term, as cryptocurrencies mature and
evolve into a major asset class, Pandl said digital currencies like bitcoin will pose lower returns but
demonstrate a high level of stability, like gold and other safe-haven assets.Source:
https://www.ccn.com/bitcoin-new-gold/

[2017-08-09] India’s SEBI Sets Up Committee to Explore the Blockchain

   "With technology driven revolution in the financial markets, regulators

The Securities and Exchange of India (SEBI) has set up a committee designed to look into the
blockchain to determine its impact on the financial market.The Committee on Financial and
Regulatory Technologies (CFRT) is to be chaired by Shri T.V. Mohandas Pai of the Manipal Global
Education. Its main objective is to explore the developments in fintech within the global securities
markets. By determining the challenges and opportunities the committee are hoping to see what
impact it can have on its own securities market. They will then examine, deliberate and advise SEBI
on an ongoing basis.SEBI said that technology is advancing at a fast rate and is ‘affecting financial
markets,’ whether through peer-to-peer lending, the blockchain, digital currencies, crowd funding or
algorithmic trading.It added: 
are faced with the challenges as well as opportunities to evolve their functioning more effectively
through adoption of new technology solutions."The announcement comes at a time when India’s
financial establishments are taking a more proactive interest in the distributed ledger.Last year, it
was reported that India’s second largest bank by assets, ICICI, was showing interest in the
development of blockchain applications.According to Chanda Kochhar, the bank’s managing
director and CEO, she said that the bank is prepared for a technological revolution bought on by
innovations like the blockchain. Her comments followed a successful pilot of transactions that ICICI
had executed over the blockchain.ICICI isn’t the only one exploring the blockchain’s potential.Axis
Bank Ltd., and Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., two other private financial institutions, revealed last
October that they were experimenting with blockchain-based solutions in different sectors of
businesses and industry.More recently, Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd., successfully completed an
end-to-end trade finance transaction with a client over a blockchain. According to a report, it is ‘the
first of its kind transaction,’ which saw bank partner services giant Deloitte complete the trade
finance test with partner bank JP Morgan Singapore.Additionally, government-owned State Bank of
India (SBI), the largest bank in the country, revealed in February that it was launching a financial
blockchain consortium. Including privately-owned banking giants and technology companies the aim
is to collaborate on blockchain solutions in
finance.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/indias-sebi-sets-committee-explore-blockchain/

[2017-11-27] $285 Billion: Cryptocurrencies Are Now More Valuable Than
Visa

$285 Billion: Cryptocurrencies Are Now More Valuable Than VisaThe market valuation of all of the
cryptocurrencies combined has surpassed the market cap of leading financial service provider Visa,
by $30 billion.At the time of reporting, the market cap of Visa remains just above $254 billion, while
the market valuation of the entire cryptocurrency market is $285.9 billion.Visa vs Cryptocurrency
Market by NumbersAccording to the Visa 2016 annual report, the Visa network processes around
$5.8 trillion worth of transactions per year, mostly from the 3.1 billion visa debit and credit card
issued globally. More than 83.2 billion transactions were settled on the Visa network in 2016.In
contrast, the cryptocurrency market settles significantly less transactions on a daily basis. The
Ethereum network settles more transactions than all of the cryptocurrencies in the market combined,
and the entire cryptocurrency market processes around 1 million transactions per day. That is, 30
million transactions per month and approximately 360 million transactions per year.However, core
developers of most public blockchain networks such as bitcoin and Ethereum are working on the
development and deployment of second-layer payment networks. The utilization of second-layer

payment channels like Lightning and Plasma will enable cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and Ethereum
to remain as secure store of values, while payment channels operate like the Visa network and are
launched on top of the cryptocurrencies.A recent research paper from the Blockstream research
team entitled “Scalable Funding of Bitcoin Micropayment Channel Networks” revealed that with
necessary solutions in place such as micropayment channels can support at least 800 million users
with the current infrastructure.“Micropayment channel networks create new problems, which have
not been solved in the original papers [8,18]. We identify two main challenges – the blockchain
capacity and locked-in funds. Even with increases in block size it was estimated that the blockchain
capacity could only support about 800 million users with micropayment channels due to the number
of on-chain transactions required to open and close channels,” read the paper.With micropayment
channel optimization through the elimination of channels and unnecessary information, the
Blockstream research paper noted that nearly 96 percent of the blockchain space, significantly
increasing the capacity of transactions and number of users payment channels can handle.“By
hiding the channels from the blockchain, a reduction in blockchain space usage and thus the cost of
channels is achieved. For a group of 20 nodes with 100 channels in between them, this can save up
to 96% of the blockchain space,” the paper added.Already, in terms of daily trading volume, the
cryptocurrency market is processing over $10 billion worth of trades on a daily basis, from
cryptocurrency to fiat and vice versa. The global cryptocurrency exchange market processes $3.6
trillion in trades on a yearly basis, which is closer to the volume of the Visa network. It is fair to
compare the trading volume of cryptocurrencies to the Visa network as both markets handle trades
amongst hundreds of digital and government-issued fiat currencies.In the long-term, the transaction
volume of cryptocurrencies will be able to surpass that of Visa, if on-chain and off-chain scaling
solutions are implemented onto leading public blockchains.Source:
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/cryptocurrencies-surpass-market-cap-of-visa-at-285-billion/

[2016-03-22] Bitcoin tracking platforms gaining traction

Deloitte recently released a report, The Banking Industry Outlook, which estimates that
blockchain-based payment systems could equal the volume of the U.S. Automated Clearing House
(ACH ) financial transactions network by 2020.Despite this promising outlook for the growing
blockchain industry, regulatory bodies fear that digital currencies attract illicit uses. This narrative
was driven by the infamous Silk Road marketplace, which propelled bitcoin into the regulatory
spotlight.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/bitcoin-tracking-platforms-gaining-traction/

[2016-01-14][Forklog.net] Ukraine’s PrivatBank continues Bitcoin
promotion

Ukraine’s PrivatBank continues its Bitcoin promotion effortsToday Ukrainian largest private bank
PrivatBank posted an interview about Bitcoin and blockchain with Nicolas Carey from
Blockchain.info on the main page of its online banking service Privat24. The bank also sent a
newsletter to its customers inviting them to watch the interview. Considering the bank’s clientelle
counts up to 3.9 million people in Ukraine, the campaign could raise the awareness level throughout
the country’s citizens.Read more: http://forklog.net/continues-its-bitcoin-promotion-efforts/Twitter:
https://twitter.com/forklog_enFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/forklogen

[2017-02-07]A Town in Illinois Just Announced It's Holding a Bitcoin Sale

A small town located outside of Chicago is about to sell some bitcoins.The village of Vernon Hills,
Illinois, is currently in possession of roughly $10,000 worth of the digital currency, according to The
Chicago Tribune. That amount, seized last year during a criminal drug investigation by local police

and federal agencies, is set to be sold off in the days ahead. Local officials approved a plan to use
Coinbase to sell the confiscated coins during a town meeting on 24th January.While not as flashy as
one of the US Marshals’ bitcoin auctions or the $19m worth sold in Australia last year, the Vernon
Hills story illustrates the questions local jurisdictions face when coming into possession of bitcoin
following a criminal investigation. The village has a population of about 25,000 people, according to
US Census data.The Tribune quoted Vernon Hills finance chief Nikki Larson, who told town
officials:"[Bitcoins are] used to facilitate transactions online, but because the village doesn't have a
use for bitcoins we're recommending that the village share be accepted and then subsequently
converted into US currency.”Curiously, it won’t be the last time that Vernon Hills receives a small
windfall – which will be directed to local police coffers – from a bitcoin bust.In the months ahead,
local police are expected to finalize another criminal investigation that will involve a bitcoin asset
forfeiture. As that process comes to a close, Vernon Hills officials will hold yet another bitcoin
sale.http://www.coindesk.com/small-town-illinois-confiscated-bitcoin/

[2018-03-04] cryptodaily.co.uk Uber co-founder to launch own
cryptocurrency.

The co-founder of Uber, Garrett Camp has designed, and plans to launch a cryptocurrency that will
solve a lot of flaws that are present in existing cryptocurrencies. The brand new cryptocurrency,
which he plans to name Eco, has been designed as a global currency that can be used for payment
transactions.Kindly click on the link for more details:
https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2018/03/can-get-new-cryptocurrency-eco-free/Whitepaper:
https://eco.com/whitepaper?locale=en

[2017-02-05] New Bitcoin Caching Features Could Improve Block
Verification

News Bitcoin - New Bitcoin Caching Features Could Improve Block VerificationA new way of
verifying blocks on the Bitcoin blockchain could make the digital currency more efficient. In the
original version of Bitcoin, when nodes received a block of transactions, they would validate each
transaction set. Most likely, these transactions were already validated before, when they were
relayed across the network.However, this previous validation of the transaction was not used in
block validation, causing an inefficiency in Bitcoin that limited the speed of block propagation. There
have been many developer attempts to make this more efficient, including the forthcoming ‘Cuckoo
Cache’.READ MORE >>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/new-bitcoin-cachin-features-could-improve-block-verification/

[2017-01-31] Whaleclub, the Etrade of Bitcoin, posts $800M in volume
traded

At Whaleclub, we’ve made it our mission to allow anyone to trade the financial markets using just
bitcoin.On January 22, 2017, Whaleclub live trading marked its first birthday. In that first year, over
15,000 users traded $800M worth of bitcoin in volume.Today we’re excited to unveil Whaleclub v5.3,
a huge product update loaded with incredible new features and improvements. With this update,
Whaleclub is faster, more powerful, and more secure than ever.More
at:https://blog.whaleclub.co/whaleclub-v5-3-our-biggest-update-yet-43b8acea1952

[2018-07-31]BTC Plunges Below $8k Amid Unexpected Sell-Off On the
Last Day of Ju

Bitcoin Plunges Below $8k Amid Unexpected Sell-Off on the Last Day of JulyNYT Columnist Paul
Krugman Tries to Justify his Skepticism Towards Cryptocurrencies, Claims Bitcoin Represents a
300-year economic regressionRead Here:
https://news.bitzamp.com/cryptocurrency-market-loses-16-billion-as-bitcoin-falls-below-8000-again/

[2017-08-05] Remaining WannaCry Bitcoin Money Is on the Move

We have another interesting development regarding the WannaCry ransomware strain on our
hands. Just last month, some of the Bitcoin funds that this malware strain had stolen were moved
from its original address. It now appears the remaining funds have been moved to a different
address as well. Considering how BTC-e cannot launder the proceeds and BitMixer is gone, the
question now becomes where these funds will end up.WannaCry Bitcoin Funds Are Moving AgainIt
is somewhat easy to analyze the Bitcoin blockchain and flag suspicious wallets. That is exactly what
happened with the WannaCry ransomware distribution wallets, which were easily sniffed out by
security researchers. Ever since that time, people have been keeping a close eye on the balances
of those accounts to see if the funds would be moved over time. It appears that this is the case, and
that funds were moved on two separate occasions.The first batch of funds was moved in July of this
year. Although no one knows for sure where the money ended up, it is certainly possible that at
least part of it wound up at the BTC-e exchange. Considering that the platform is responsible for
laundering 95% of all global ransomware proceeds, no one would be surprised to learn that some
money had been converted to fiat currency through the company. The remainder of the funds, which
added up to over US$140,000, has now been moved to an external address as well.Laundering the
WannaCry proceeds will be a lot more difficult than it had been before, as it is impossible to send
money to the BTC-e exchange since the domain was seized by U.S. law enforcement officials last
week. It remains unclear if the platform will ever be operational again, but it seems highly unlikely
that it will be. Secondly, the criminals cannot use BitMixer anymore, as the largest Bitcoin mixing
service shut its doors not too long ago. Mixers are a great way to remove taint from a Bitcoin
balance and eliminate any trace of where it came from or where it ended up.Spending the money on
darknet markets will not be a walk in the park either. Both Hansa and AlphaBay were taken offline in
quick succession. There are legitimate reasons to believe that law enforcement officials will target
Dream Market next, as they have been cracking down on all illegal online activity. Making
US$140,000 worth of Bitcoin disappear and turning it into clean money will be pretty challenging, if
not outright impossible at this point.There are other mixing service providers, however, which could
help out in this regard. We discussed a few of those service providers a while ago and most of them
are still operational to this very day. Another option would be to just sell the coins through
LocalBitcoins, although that might attract even more attention from law enforcement officials.
Agencies have been keeping a close eye on LocalBitcoins as well as anyone selling large amounts
of cryptocurrency.It is interesting to see this money being withdrawn right now. The motive behind
this idea remains a big mystery, and there is seemingly no reason to move funds now rather than a
few days or weeks ago. It remains uncertain if the money will be cashed out or just moved to more
secure solutions. Bitcoin is very valuable right now and sitting on a lot of money can make even the
toughest criminal a bit antsy.
https://themerkle.com/remaining-wannacry-bitcoin-money-is-on-the-move/

[2016-08-09] newsbtc.com-Bitcoin Price Watch; Scalp Trades For Today

Bitcoin Price Watch; Scalp Trades For TodayIt’s Tuesday morning, and time to take the first of our
twice daily looks at the bitcoin price. Yesterday we got chopped out on a false breakout, but
overnight we managed to draw a small profit from the markets on a scalp trade on the short side.
Today we are going to attempt to replicate our overnight success with a similar strategy. Specifically,

outline a relatively tight range and look to get in on a short term scalp trade if price closes outside of
the range, with a position in line with the direction of the break. Often we’ll witter on a bit here about
previous action, but today, let’s get right down to it.READ MORE >>>
http://www.newsbtc.com/2016/08/09/bitcoin-price-watch-scalp-trades-today/

[2016-03-19] Why Fragmentation Threatens the Promise of Blockchain
Identity

William Mougayar is a Toronto-based entrepreneur, investor and independent scholar. He is the
General Partner at Virtual Capital Ventures. Here, he discusses the consumer, business and ethical
challenges facing blockchain entrepreneurs seeking to innovate with identity
applications.http://www.coindesk.com/fragment-blockchain-identity-market

[2016-01-13] Now You Can Easily Exchange Bitcoin for Gold Bullion

There is no doubt Bitcoin is currently among one of the most popular moneys on the planet now, in
spite of being just conveniently accessible through electronic systems. Bitcoin has actually
revolutionized the cryptocurrency market as well as this has not gone undetected by governments
and various other online settlement systems service
providers.https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/now-you-can-easily-exchange-bitcoin-for-gold-bullion/

[2016-8-9] Bitcoin Price Analysis — Long term buy, short term hold

The technical setups use simple trend detection, support and resistance, channels, pattern and
candlestick analysis. We aim for high-probability trade setups on BTCUSD and use very few
indicators. All charts use BNC’s Bitcoin Liquid Index for maximum
accuracy.http://bravenewcoin.com/news/bitcoin-price-analysis-long-term-buy-short-term-hold/

[2017-11-22] Central Bank of Malaysia Plans Crypto Reporting Rules

QuoteThe governor of Malaysia's central bank, Bank Negara Malaysia (BNM), has provided more
detail on its upcoming regulatory framework aimed to counter the illicit uses of cryptocurrencies. In
statements made today at a counter-terrorism financing summit, BNM governor Muhammad Ibrahim
said the new rules are being drawn up to combat the financing of money-laundering and terrorism in
the country.Under the framework, those who convert digital currencies into conventional money will
be termed as "reporting institutions" from next year, under the country's anti-money laundering and
anti-terrorism financing act. Reporting institutions are obliged by law to take preventive measures,
such as submitting suspicious transaction reports, to avoid acting as a channel for illicit money
transmission.Ibrahim added: "This is to prevent the abuse of the system for criminal and unlawful
activities and ensuring the stability and integrity of the financial system."Earlier this month,
Malaysia's securities regulator, Securities Commission Malaysia, also revealed it is planning a
regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies. Aimed at "market integrity and investor projection," the
agency indicated that it is working with central bank during the process. Read more here...I always
preferred regulations no matter how tough they can be over what China did last September which
affected Bitcoin too much before making a big surge when the market realized that China can never
kill nor stop Bitcoin. I am sure that the market in Malaysia can also be sizable and now that it is
already regulated and allowed to freely move under certain conditions and procedures then there is
a big opportunity in this country for Bitcoin to slowly get its mooring. We are all hoping that Malaysia
can be the model country for Muslim countries embracing Bitcoin and allowing their people to get

involved with the financial revolution represented by Bitcoin. Let's welcome Malaysia to the Bitcoin
bandwagon! 

[2017-08-04] Trader Loses $430K at BTC-e: ‘Nothing Illegal Tied to My
Funds'

This week news.Bitcoin.com spoke with Jack Kingston, a cryptocurrency trader from Melbourne,
Australia, who lost $430,000 USD worth of bitcoins at the exchange BTC-e. Mr. Kingston was quite
surprised when he tried to log in one day, and the exchange was “under maintenance.” However,
the Australian trader was even more astonished to find out the U.S. government painted all of the
platform’s users as criminals and took his money."Yes a shitload of money, $430K USD. I’m not in
the position of where I am struggling and such, but that’s neither here nor there."Read More Here
>>>  https://news.bitcoin.com/australian-trader-loses-430k-at-btc-e-nothing-illegal-tied-to-my-funds/

[2016-01-12] First 2-Way Bitcoin ATM in San Diego Launches

Blockchain consultants, Constructive Inc have today announced the launch of San Diego’s first
2-way Bitcoin ATM machine as part of a partnership with hardware partner Coinoutlet Inc.The ATM,
housed at Surf Bros Teriyaki (274 N El Camino Real, Encinitas, CA) is in operation as of today,
allowing users to buy and sell Bitcoin between 10:30 AM and 9:30 PM during weekdays and 10:30
AM to 8 PM at
weekends.http://coinjournal.net/first-2-way-bitcoin-atm-in-san-diego-county-premieres/

[2017-01-26] Bitcoin On The Rise in India: Steady in Growth... 

Quote from:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-on-the-rise-in-india-steady-in-growth-impossible-to-shut-dow
nBitcoin On The Rise in India: Steady in Growth, Impossible to Shut DownOver the past few
months, local Indian Bitcoin exchanges including Unocoin have shown enormous growth, primarily
due to the demonetization of banknotes and the financial crisis which subsequently hit the Indian
economy.In November and December, Unocoin hit record-breaking trading volumes, reaching the
highest total monthly Bitcoin trading volume in November. The company also announced that it
obtained the most users in a month in November, after the announcement by Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi to impose strict financial regulations.A Unocoin spokesperson tweeted:Rapid growth
of the Bitcoin industry in IndiaBelfrics, a Malaysia-based Bitcoin service provider and exchange,
expanded its operations into India to strengthen the Bitcoin infrastructure and trading ecosystem of
the country.Recognizing the rapid growth rate of local Bitcoin exchanges, Belfrics decided to expand
its services to India to ensure the general population of India has a wider range of Bitcoin service
providers and trading platforms to choose from. The entrance of Belfrics into the Indian Bitcoin
exchange market is expected to create solid competition for local Bitcoin exchanges.Praveen
Kumar, CEO of Belfrics, told a local publication in India during an interview that he is optimistic
about the growth of the Bitcoin industry and the status of regulatory frameworks within the country.
He firmly believes the Indian government is taking an appropriate approach in regulating both the
Fintech and Bitcoin industries.Read more here:
https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-on-the-rise-in-india-steady-in-growth-impossible-to-shut-dow
n

[2018-03-01] Litecoin Booms But Gold Crypto Was Best February Price
Performer

Dismal? Not quite, but the crypto markets had a rough ride in February to say the least.What began
with a sell-off in bitcoin, one that pushed the total market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies to a
10-week low of $276 billion, has ended in a seeming recovery, with the total value hitting $450
billion Thursday to end February trading.However, the numbers don't exactly tell the whole story.
Comparing performance to January, the market saw a decline of 8.5 percent month-over-month, and
a decline of 45.78 percent from its 2018 record high of $830 billion.But that's not to say there weren't
gains to be had. Bitcoin (BTC), the largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, saw a
"V-shaped" recovery, while fifth-place litecoin notched monthly gains.Still, it was the lesser-known
cryptocurrencies that performed best amid the broad-based gloom and doom, suggesting that after
a flurry of retail trading to end 2017, enthusiasts are perhaps once again the dominant market
force.Full text here
:https://www.coindesk.com/litecoin-booms-gold-crypto-best-february-price-performer/

[2017-08-02]Blockchain Split: Bitcoin Cash Was Born

A Bitcoin Hard fork has occurred yesterday, August 1. The first Bitcoin Cash (BCH) block was mined
only five hours later after the launch of the hard fork at 12:20 UTC.The first BCH blocks were mined
by the Chinese mining pool, ViaBTC, and one of them exceeded the size of 1Mb (max size of a BTC
block) at 1,9Mb. So far, most BCH blocks are less than 1Mb and most probably it will take a lot of
time until 2Mb blocks will be mined permanently.Read the full article:
https://coinidol.com/blockchain-split-bitcoin-cash-was-born/

[2016-05-22] Video: What are the challenges to Bitcoin achieving
mass-adoption? 

Bitcoin Q&A: What are the challenges to Bitcoin achieving
mass-adoption?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0wAh6_HEbo

[2017-11-21] Bloomberg: A Hacker Warning for Bitcoin

A Hacker Warning for BitcoinSaying Bitcoin is un-hackable is of small comfort to those who've lost
money through cracks in its ecosystem of exchanges, intermediaries and money-raising
schemes.The latest theft in cryptoland is a reminder that the promise of security and liquidity is only
that -- a promise. This isn't a systemic shock in the same league as the Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange
collapse, but it's a warning that transparency and trust are rare commodities in this world.The size
and scope of the attack are small by historic standards, hence why Bitcoin's price bounced back to
$8,200 after sinking to about $7,800. About $31 million was stolen from Tether, a Bitcoin peer that
issues U.S. dollar-backed tokens for easier trading on crypto exchanges, and sent to what the
company calls an unauthorized bitcoin address. That's more manageable than the collapse of Mt.
Gox -- hacked for $450 million -- or last year's $65 million theft at another exchange, Bitfinex.Bitcoin
ShruggedNews of the Tether theft briefly knocked the price of Bitcoin, which has already bounced
backBut the Tether raid shouldn't be dismissed.It's one example of how quickly a cryptocurrency's
glitzy promise of instant liquidity and top-flight security can be shattered. Tether is a Top-20 digital
currency, which built its name on combining both cryptographic security and real-world monetary
value.Every Tether is supposed to be backed "1-to-1" by a corresponding hard currency, meaning
that crypto exchanges and traders can trade it as a U.S. dollar proxy, safe in the knowledge that it
will always be redeemable if the need arises. The "best of both worlds," as Tether put it.In practice, it
looks more like the worst of both worlds. Already, before the hack, Tether's legal small-print made
clear that its tokens were neither money, nor stored value, nor currency. Redemption wasn't

guaranteed.Jittery banks didn't help, with Tether warning this year that its Taiwanese lenders had
blocked all incoming international wires since April. The hack is drying up another pool of crypto
liquidity: Several exchanges say they're suspending Tether transactions, according to news website
Bitcoin.com.There's more. One part of Tether's story yet to be fully explained is its link to Bitfinex,
the exchange that was itself hacked last year. Tethers can be used on Bitfinex as a withdrawal and
deposit method for crypto users, a kind of substitute for the traditional banking system.But the two
companies have other ties. They filed a lawsuit together against U.S. bank Wells Fargo & Co. over
those aforementioned frozen international transfers, according to American Banker magazine,
fueling speculation that they're linked through ownership. So Tether's wider impact could hit both
general liquidity on crypto exchanges and any companies with which it has ties.The risks of trading
cryptocurrencies are well-known, of course, as are the rewards.This hack has done little to halt
Bitcoin's speculative price bubble, and Wall Street is still watching closely. But the next big attack
might not be so easy to digest -- especially with the arrival of bitcoin futures trading that will make it
easier to pile on bearish bets. This is a timely warning.Source:
https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-21/hackers-have-lots-of-ways-to-ruin-a-bitcoin-tr
ader-s-day

[2018-07-20] Indian Supreme Court Heard Crypto Petitions Today but RBI
Ban Stays

India’s Supreme Court heard the petitions against the crypto banking ban by the Reserve Bank of
India (RBI) today. After hearing some arguments from both sides, the court decided to set another
hearing date, allowing some of the regulators involved to respond to the
petitions.https://news.bitcoin.com/indian-supreme-court-crypto-petitions-rbi-ban-stays/Another
Hearing Date SetIndian Supreme Court Heard Crypto Petitions Today But RBI Ban StaysThere are
at least five writ petitions filed against the RBI ban. However, according to Crypto Kanoon, “SEBI
[the Securities and Exchange Board of India] and few others have not filed their response to the
petition seeking regulation…All (remaining) parties to file their reply within 4 weeks.”Sohail
Merchant, CEO of crypto exchange Pocketbits, commented on the outcome of today’s hearing:Final
hearing [is] slated for 11th of September. Now that is the Judgement Day.11th September should be
a day in favor of crypto and exchanges? What do you think?

[2018-02-28] Goldman Sachs is Also Sweating on Cryptocurrencies as a
‘Business R

Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein might say that the investment banking giant does not have a
“Bitcoin strategy,” but the company is now admitting that cryptocurrencies pose a business risk to
the firm.Full article on CNN

 [2018-02-28] SEC Agreed Not to Pursue Enforcement Action Against
Poloniex

With Circle’s acquisition, SEC will not take legal action against Poloniex, according to a leaked slide
from a confidential Circle presentation.Source:
https://cryptocomes.com/leaked-sec-agreed-not-pursue-enforcement-action-against-poloniex-if-acqu
ired-circle

[2018-02-28] Bitcoin ATMs Thriving in Michigan’s Most Populous City

Low-income areas in the city of Detroit are seeing a bunch of cryptocurrency-based automated teller
machines (ATM). According to local reports, ATMs are popping up in great number in liquor stores,
gas stations, and cash-checking locations.Detroit Michigan Sees a Crypto-ATM InvasionDetroit is a
well known industrial city and Michigan’s most populous city. However, the region has been dealing
with a tumultuous economy and the city residents have been suffering from financial hardships for
years. That hasn’t stopped a large influx of bitcoin ATMs from being installed in the city as Detroit
now has over 29 machines. The regional newspaper the Detroit News reveals that most of these
devices reside in areas with a shortage of banks and low-income housing areas like Inkster,
Highland Park, Taylor, Hamtramck, and Pontiac. There are 15 more crypto-ATMs on the outskirts of
Metro Detroit as well. Ayman Rida, an executive from a company called ‘International Bitcoin’
installed a good chunk of the machines located in the Metro Detroit region.“My company installed 15
Bitcoin ATMs last year in Detroit,” explains Rida in an Interview. Rida says most transactions are
roughly between $70-80 USD. “Last year, the business grew very, very good at the locations,” Rida
adds.Services for the Unbanked and UnderbankedCryptocurrency proponents in the area believe
the Detroit crypto-ATMs help the underbanked within the region. Although, some law-enforcement
officials believe some of the action may be helping facilitate illegal activities and money laundering.
A cryptocurrency researcher from a Washington, D.C.-based think tank, the Foundation for Defense
of Democracies (FDD) believes bitcoin in Detroit is probably being used for both of those
theories.“The truth is, it could be both scenarios,” Yaya Fanusie explains. “It’s a guess because the
technology is new — We need time to collect data,”"The fact that [Bitcoin ATMs] are in the kind of
areas you describe, only says how much digital currency is growing worldwide — Bitcoin has sort of
grown as way to provide services to the unbanked and underbanked."Despite the Concerns From
Lawmakers Cryptocurrency Use Is Thriving in DetroitAccording to the local news outlet, 14 Detroit
stores in the Metro region with bitcoin ATMs were contacted, but none of the owners wanted to
make a statement. The FDD researcher Fanusie doesn’t believe that money laundering is a big
issue for crypto-ATM owners in Detroit. Fanusie emphasizes, “That kind of money would essentially
be noticed by federal regulators — But if you want to use them to pay a local drug dealer, say $50 to
$100, then maybe it’s OK, effective.”Michigan and the Detroit region is home to quite a few
bitcoiners. Besides the bitcoin ATMs, there are large Meetup groups as well. The ‘Michigan
Bitcoiners’ Meetup has over 988 members that congregate in Detroit. The ‘Detroit Blockchainers’
Meetup has 488 members, and the group holds a weekly meeting in Metro Detroit where attendees
can trade cryptocurrencies with other people in person.“Come trade cryptocurrency like it’s 1792,”
the Detroit Blockchainers state.Source:
https://news.bitcoin.com/bitcoin-atms-thriving-in-michigans-most-populous-city/

[2017-07-29] Fork Watch: Take Extra Precaution

Fork Watch: Take Extra Precaution When Trying to Access Post Fork TokensBitcoin holders should
be aware that during and after a fork people can make mistakes when differentiating between the
two chains. Alongside the confusion, there’s also a chance that malicious actors posing to be
trustworthy may promise people help with access to ‘Bitcoin Cash’ tokens – and steal people’s
private keys. The risk of losing bitcoin to errors such as these will be heightened during and after a
network
fork.https://news.bitcoin.com/fork-watch-take-extra-precaution-when-trying-to-access-post-fork-token
s/

[2018-02-27] Cointelegraph ; Exchange - Poloniex was purchased for $400
million

https://cointelegraph.com/news/breaking-mobile-payments-app-circle-acquires-crypto-exchange-pol
oniex-for-400-mlnMobile Payments App Circle Acquires Crypto Exchange Poloniex For $400

MlnFirms do look for opportunities to grow their business. A good sign though. 

[2016-08-04]Alleged “Bitfinex hacker” launches bitcoin lottery

Alleged “Bitfinex hacker” launches bitcoin lotteryThe sudden giveaway of 1,000 bitcoins announced
by an anonymous Reddit user who claims to be the Bitfinex attacker is considered either a trolling or
money laundry scheme by the
majority.http://www.coinfox.info/news/6113-khaker-bitfinex-poobeshchal-razdat-1000-bitkoinov-2

[2016-03-15] Core update announcement causes confusion in bitcoin
community

Core update announcement causes confusion in bitcoin communityThe statement of Core developer
Wladimir van der Laan announces the release of Core version 0.13.0 in July 2016. Unexpectedly,
the publication provoked turmoil among bitcoiners about SegWit
implementation.http://www.coinfox.info/news/5090-segwit-to-be-released-as-a-minor-version-of-a-cu
rrent-bitcoin-core-protocol

[2017-07-26] Richard Branson's Private Blockchain Summit Begins on
Necker Island

This week Sir Richard Branson and the Bitfury Group are hosting another ‘exclusive’ bitcoin and
blockchain retreat on Branson’s private Necker Island. The third annual Blockchain Summit will
feature a host of cryptocurrency and blockchain industry luminaries for three days.Sir Richard
Branson – founder of the company Virgin Group and a well-known bitcoin proponent is once again
hosting his exclusive blockchain party on Necker Island. The private event has made headlines
many times over the years for being called the “Bitcoin Illuminati,” for not inviting enough female
entrepreneurs, the launch of the Blockchain Trust Accelerator, and the summit also witnessed the
creation of the law enforcement friendly “Blockchain Alliance.” This year’s Blockchain Summit on
Necker Island started on Tuesday, July 25 and will end on Saturday, July 29.Read More Here>>>
https://news.bitcoin.com/richard-bransons-private-blockchain-summit-begins-on-necker-island/

[2017-01-05] Auxesis And Multichain To Fuel Blockchain Development In
India

Auxesis, an Indian IIT-based startup has partnered with Mutichain, a platform that helps
organisations build blockchain and shared ledger applications. The partnership is seen as fueling
blockchain development in the ailing Indian economy.Coinidol interviewed the CEO of Ausesis,
Akash Gaurav, about the project and Blockchain in India. You can read the full article here:
https://coinidol.com/auxesis-&-multichain-to-fuel-blockchain-development-in-india/

[2016-03-14] Bitcoin Users At CardCash Spend More And Favor Starbucks
Gift Cards

Would you spend Bitcoin over fiat for a two percent discount? One of the more common ways for
consumers to spend Bitcoin is by buying gift cards from various retailers and outlets. Popular Bitcoin
gift card services will often offer a small discount on every purchase. Giving consumers an extra
incentive to spend digital currency. A recent survey by CardCash shows how Starbucks gift cards

are a clear fan favorite, whereas Visa Gift Cards are far less preferable. Most of these trends seem
to correlate with how consumers would spend USD balances on gift cards,
though.http://bitcoinist.net/bitcoin-users-at-cardcash-spend-more-and-favor-starbucks-gift-cards/

[2018-07-11] Indian Central Bank Responds About Crypto Restrictions

India’s central bank has responded to a representation about its crypto banking ban. The Supreme
Court gave the central bank seven days to reply following a hearing last week of the petition by the
Internet & Mobile Association of India against the
ban.https://news.bitcoin.com/indias-central-bank-crypto-restrictions/India’s central bank, the Reserve
Bank of India (RBI), has responded to a representation submitted by the Internet & Mobile
Association of India (IAMAI), as directed by the country’s Supreme Court.Nischal Shetty, the CEO of
crypto exchange Wazirx, told news.Bitcoin.com that the representation is “a detailed document
explaining blockchain, cryptos and how they function,” noting that it was “made with the belief that if
the RBI gets a deep understanding of blockchain and crypto then they may go easy on the ban and
think about regulations.”I too believe if RBI understand the basic of cryptocurrencies, bitcoin and
other crypto currencies will be announced as legal in India. What do you think?

[2017-11-17] While Jamie Dimon Calls Bitcoin a “Fraud”, JPMorgan is
Busted For..

"Jamie Dimon has offered baseless condemnation on bitcoin for many years, calling it a bubble, a
fraud, and a money laundering tool. This week, ironically, JPMorgan was cracked down for money
laundering, after being fined $4 billion for mortgage fraud in September, merely two months
ago.Dimon and JPMorgan CriticizedSince early 2016, JPMorgan and its CEO Jamie Dimon have
focused on attempting to commercialize and market the term ‘blockchain” to compete with bitcoin.
The company has seen hardly any success with its blockchain technology “Quorum,” which was
developed by the JPMorgan development team within the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance
(EEA).Realizing the lack of potential, applicability, and commercial success of permissioned
blockchain technology, Dimon began to take a different approach; by directly condemning bitcoin,
despite the harsh criticisms of highly respected venture capitalists and experts such as Apple
co-founder Steve Wozniak, prominent venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya, and billionaire hedge
fund legend Mike Novogratz."Source:
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/jpmorgan-busted-money-laundering-ceo-condemns-bitcoin/So
finally, that guy who was just trying "BUST" the "Bitcoin Fraud" , his company ended being stuck
under the same charges of money laundering. $4 Billion fine, WoW! This is what happens when
someone tries to dig in and create problems for something that's sure to rise. Not just my two cents,
but my Middle Finger to you, Mr. Dimon! You deserve this. Hope to see you going jail very soon.

[2017-01-02] DCEBrief - Sweden’s eKrona Initiative Faces Public
Skepticism

Sweden’s eKrona Initiative Faces Public SkepticismWhen Sweden’s Riksbank announced in
November that the nation might be launching its own digital currency within the next two years,
many in the FinTech community reacted positively. The central bank at the time noted that they
were considering the creation of the eKrona due to the 40% reduction in cash transactions that the
nation had experienced over the last seven years. Since the public already seemed to be moving
away from cash and to other payment methods like credit cards and online commerce, the idea of
issuing a new electronic currency seemed like a move that everyone could get behind.According to
a December Sifo survey conducted for software company Tieto, however, the public apparently

doesn’t see it that way.Read the full story:
https://dcebrief.com/swedens-ekrona-initiative-faces-public-skepticism/

[2016-03-13] Paul Vernon signs a contract to recover stolen coins for a
13% fee

It first started on twitter when a user by the handle @cryptcracker1 sent a few messages to Paul
Vernon – the CEO of the now defunct altcoin exchange Cryptsy. The user claimed that he knew who
stole and coins and would be able to recover them for a 13% fee. At first the user suggested a 30%
fee, but it looks like Mr. Vernon was able to negotiate it down to 13%. The contract states that
Cryptcracker will recover the 13,000 stolen BTC, in addition some altcoins like litecoins, bitcoin dark,
and x11, may also be possibly recovered, read the full contract here.Read More:
http://themerkle.com/paul-vernon-signs-a-contract-to-recover-stolen-coins-for-a-13-fee/

[2016-05-19] IDC Report Says Blockchain Could Improve Gov’t Functions

The report, The Blockchain Audit Trail: Helping to Establish Government “Data Authority” and
Information Accuracy, was specifically intended to be a market report for government uses for the
blockchain. According to the report, it’s possible that blockchain technologies could be a key tool for
confirming data origin and accuracy, tracking updates, and establishing true data authority for
millions of different data fields.One of the report’s main findings is the blockchain’s ability to track
and store government records in a secure and transparent manner, helping to improve the
authenticity of the documents. The blockchain would be able to track records by confirming their
existence in a block — where other entries related to those activities can be found through a shared
record that is both immutable and hack-resistant.The IDC report says that the blockchain capabilities
could improve government functions such as digital voting, land registries, patent, copyright and
trademark issues, even mentioning smart contracts associated with Internet of Things
solutions.There were 3 main areas of focus in the IDC’s research on the blockchain: data authority,
data accuracy, and access control.Data authority – Such authority, not only where each piece of
data comes from, but also who has authority over it (related to accuracy, changes, and lifecycle
management), and where the ultimate authoritative copy of that data resides.Data accuracy –
Accuracy is a key component of data quality. Accuracy means that data values stored for any object
are correct, that they represent the right value, and that they are consistent in form and
content.Access control – Blockchain solutions can help keep track of what information is public
versus private. This can include details on the data itself, the transaction related to the data, and
who is allowed to make updates to data records.According to the IDC report, the government will be
experimenting with the blockchain going forward to test its functionality in those 3 areas of concern.
They will conduct a series of tests to prove the worth of the blockchain as a concept, and to
determine where and when they can specifically apply the technology to discover which ways they
will be able to leverage the blockchain’s capabilities.

